can you believe how far j2 have come with jensen singing and jared publicly playing guitar for the first time, i feel l
suddenly we get a bunch of bangtan bombs i feel blessed i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social
i am vote for for #btsbbmas when it comes to our ownselves i feel its better to have an unconditional faith ~
slept like 20 hours i feel like i'm still sleeping.
"i feel so lonely without you."
i vote for for #bbmas top social artist award #btsbbmas #btsbbma i feel that you are always here, in my heart.
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again
i feel like people have spent too much time working that they forget to actually live their lives.
god your wife has to put up with a boring bugger. i feel quite sorry for her ( or him)
i feel as if i've known you forever...like when dinosaurs roamed the earth and dms were limited to 140 characters.
so glad i feel better today
i feel so <bleep> i need someone to wrap me in a blanket burrito
this scares me. why don't i feel any pain? or sadness? why am i not grieving?
why do i feel like i can take on the world rn
i feel like you guys at marvel are getting a ridiculous amount of hate for the whole cap twist
i didnt get the artist for hey ya i feel like a failure
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
i feel dumb
daamn... i lost $400 yesterday i feel u
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. wings "
haven't done. hands down. i've been agoraphobic the last three years - i feel like i have a timer over my head.
i don't care me and my pals are <bleep>ing hilarious. i feel for people who don't get to listen to our mental convos and enjoy
apparently you order at a pop machine basically? i'm shocked i didn't get ejected from this ramen place. i feel like i'm 70 years old.
i feel so nice, mom i feel so nice~ voting for the #btsbbmas top social artist. #btswingstourinmanila
in this blur i feel alive
since i shaved my beard i feel like im gonna get rejected for a 12+
when are here five finger deathpunch song battle born i think of the wrestlers i've met i feel they can relate to it.
"oh ok" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i won't tell you because you wouldnt care how
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
i feel so sorry for dee. that's the worst 1st boot twist since palau. as a superfan living your dream, that was brutal! #survivornz
alexis: "when i got here, i thought, ill win the <bleep>le with this squad.' i feel that we should win more games 3-0 or
i feel the votes getting slower. fighting armys #btsbbmas
i feel like i haven't posted enough <bleep>s so 20 people who will get a <bleep> in dms ps if you don't win you can buy them (if
whenever i think of justin i don't think celeb. i feel our connection is so close to him it feels like we're friends.
they should keep dancing i feel bad for idol group
im shookt! i feel so outdated. let's keep on support fam #bama2017diamondedition_exo
sometimes i feel like im only meant for myself
that i feel so nice mom by yg and ph armys got no chill #btswingstourinmaniladay2
also! i feel like my pictures tend to come off as more homo-erotic than i intend for them to be. they're not directed towards any specific
i overslept and i feel really bad. could have done at least something productive today!!
i feel so nice i feel so nice
i feel <bleep>ing terrible
"i feel like i'm about to fall off a cliff" -colleen on 2 hours of sleep
i feel super soft and cuddly and legit want someone to compress hug me
i feel so nice mom i feel so nice : ( #wingstourinmanila #btsbbmas
istg i feel damn sad bc of the cati feel like i dont know anything...i feeli feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist award bangtani feel bad when my hair gets in my bfs facei vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist award. i feel so good, i feel so nicewhy do i feel hungover when i literally haven't touched a drop of alcohol in a monthit is painful. at times i feel lost, like something's missing, what am i doing here, why am i not with him at this minute.i feel it comingi feel so bad for thr crowd at chinnaswamyi love you because i know youre always there, there to catch me when i fall, there to listen when i need you, there when i fbut something strange deep inside of me is happening i feel unlikei feel your pain...ugh!!i feel so wea, damn it.@bts_twt while looking their photos, i feel like its impossible to love smb that much i vote for for the #bti feel youi feel dead for the depressed peanut <bleep>er parade.i feel like the customer support to some of my friendssometimes i feel like i met the right person at the wrong timejesus wept i feel a little bit special today #tequilathe love for "destiny" is overwhelming! i feel blessed to be apart of it #thutoit's just like, i'm so afraid to let myself fall for someone else and yet i feel it happening and i don't know what to do.ah so you're the pdp weak link. i feel for ur stupidityi feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist awardso many people talked about pronouns in bio until i noticed i dont have mine in there and now i feel endlessly non mentionedi cant stop sneezing i feel like crying rni feel about them ppl the situation and i do not care about them people i want you guys to leave me alone and mind your own business :-)i feel so unlucky!i feel ya what lettering would you use to put cardi als?i feel like seokjin got more recognition lately! it makes me really happy people finally notice him, his talent and appi feel sicki feel so boring so i am voting for for the #bbmas 2017 top social artistand i'm gonna go buy the dj khaled book bc i feel like i need iti feel naked when i'm not wearing my ringsalexis: "when i got here, i thought, ill win the <bleep>le with this squad.' i feel that we should win more games 3-0 or 4just because i don't show how i feel doesn't mean it's not killing mei'm so scared rn. i feel like someone is going to jump threw my window and kill me with a knife. <bleep> i hate having trauma.i feel like poop and pee mixed togetheri feel sick come on you <bleep>ing blues!! #kroyes! i feel repeated viewings will allow people to truly appreciate it.i feel so fat today...wait i'm fat.suddenly we get a bunch of bangtan bombs i feel blessed i vote for for the #btsbbmas top socialyes he isss, i feel like he really appreciates the show feels proud of it. he always seems to know fandom jokes too loli watched the whole series in 2 and a half days without sleep and i feel shamelessmy drink spill on me, while i feel on youi can't handle the alcohol life anymore. i feel like utter <bleep>i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection"i feel so unmotivated right now" #btsbbmasi am continually handed shoes that i feel are too big for me to fill. yet, this keeps me motivated to work towards a fiif i tell you how i feel .. can ibored and lazy at the same time. oh, and i feel so hungry, too.i'm happy to hear that. but...i don't know. when i'm not talking with you, i feel...hey guys i just shook a conconut really hard and now i feel like i could write the three goals on the boardi feel like since i got home, i've made a point to go and meet up with my friends more, though most of the time i just wanna stay at home.i feel invisiblei feel like music sounds better with you baby/ just out of curiosity. not sure what i feel like doing, so a bit of help would be great.i feel you dwgin this blur i feel aliveleaving marshall for good right now and i feel like i'm leaving a part of me behind. much love to everyone i've met over the past 4 years.morning arlene <bleep> love the picture happy sunday <bleep> love to ike and henry how i feel sometimes tak#summershere and i feel the love #sundaymay7th is filled with love all around you #kentkristei really only get cute when i feel like it.. otherwise i'm bumming iti love this cold weather and i feel guilty for enjoying it giving that it's may. &gt;_&gt;sope i feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist awardart giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! goi feel like my arm is gonna fall off if i keep doing this climbing but it's funi feel sick.... rip harriethaha i feel the same way. i'm up but this headache will soon send me to sleep and like usual i'll just sleep the day awayi feel so free and happy i haven't felt like this in yearsgo armys! bts on top because for once in my life i feel like i need to do this!!! i vote bts #btsbbmaswhy do i feel disturbedi feel like wrote this one for me. it's from his new album it's called "anziety" i wish i knew who was logic before.playing i feel it coming by the weeknd [feat. daft punkwhy do i feel this wayi feel the happiness around mei feel myself wanting a change. change in my routine who i surround myself with. life gotta move on
i don't know why but i feel so intense rn
i feel you
no i feel you omg. i need money because i was dumb and dropped so much money on that david cook ticket.
aint it funny when im home i feel most alone
i feel last season for gayle and watson in the ipl
ah i feel you,pal lol by the way i love triple h's song so much! and the mv tho ahhhhhhh!
i can't sleep and i feel like crap
i feel sorry for the people who are left to look after me on nights out #liability
how on tour and fla isn't on it. i feel some type of way
a moomoo bought a star for moonbyul, i feel like a flop unofficial mooless now. what am i saying
i feel like the tl has been angelic and my hoe tweet is so damn demonic....bitch i feel so alone....issoright i'm a proud hoe...
there's a guy who posted his grad pics with his mom. i feel he got sympathy praise coz they look "poor".....that <bleep> is patr
wow!! what glad! thank you, and i feel honored! your voice helps my naomi arisa creation!!
i feel dead inside. i'm alive, but just existing. i'm alone because i' more crazy african secrets on our site. nicki
i feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist award
anyways, i finished part 2 of the get down. i feel like it isn't given the attention it deserves. such an amazing series
i feel weird saying cornrows grew up always saying cainrow
i feel like a few of yall forgot to smd
it's weird but hope it's not ever since i bought the om pendant i feel more peace in my heart and chest i stay calm a lot
dude i swear i scold jax to leave oliver (my cat) alone lmao i feel like i'm telling my kids to stop fighting with each other
i'm just gonna play video games until i feel guilty about not doing hw
also imma need the contact info of whoever is laughing cuz nothing about this <bleep> is funny
even my friends and family are drifting away, i feel anxious as time passes by so far away #btsbbmas go armys t
interesting #moto2 race, though as always i feel something needs to be done to prevent so many gaps between groups of riders.
as someone who drinks ale i feel attacke
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again
well, i succumbed. i retweeted myself and nobody retweeted my retweets of my tweets i retweeted. i feel disgusting. i hop
i feel like <bleep>
i feel so far away you always come my way - lie go armys / bts on top vote for #btsbbmas
art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! go
i gave him a big eye-shaped pattern hurhur i feel clever
i feel like i'm confident but very insecure at the same time lol.. don't know how it works but it just does.
my name is cat and with tha kit in front of stall we lyk to sit i feel her tongue i say meow i have a fren her
i feel like a fool standing out here for so long
yho imagine if we looked the <bleep> were going through . looking good kinda helps me a bit. i feel good for that moment. h
[ahahaha lilll oh goood xd i feel you tho most of my aus pop up because i listen to a specific song
i am not mad; too well, too well i feel
i get scared of carrying new born babies,i feel like they're gon break in my hands
i feel like people at work think i'm rude cause i try not to indulge in small talk. but you know what, i honestly don't care
i feel so lucky for having tnia by my side she's the best person on earth i love her so so much
i guess but haven't we pretty much covered it? i feel like we're stuck in a loop. i hope i'm wrong.
i am continually handed shoes that i feel are too big for me to fill. yet, this keeps me motivated to work towards a fi
this little girl came to my meet and greet and asked me what my name was i feel humbled and kind of star struck by her ??
hmm ingtkn another phsychological term hm i feel stupid now
they just released now 62... i have the original now cd.. i feel old
i am in charge of how i feel and today i am choosing happiness. miho nishida soononmmk
i'm so damn full i feel like throwing up
i feel you bro
i feel so nice when mom calls even for ten seconds to confirm a thing or anything. i just love it when she calls me.
all i wanna do is lie in bed, and that's exactly what i am doing but i'm still not happy. i feel like this is an allegor
i dunno why,but i feel alexis is gona win this one #wwepayback
i literally feel like <bleep> i cant describe it i feel like puking and i keep taking deep breaths i dont want this <bleep> it <bleep>s
i feel like there would be some uncomfortable tangling issues with the chains
i guess writers can't show everything in 40 mins but i feel you. i would have liked to see more of this maggie's storyline
i feel sorry for kids in high school today. as if the canadian prairies weren't enough, they now have sowing the mustard see
i just slept for 12 hours straight and i feel sooooo great
can i add again how much of a sweetheart is not enough words to write how blessed i feel right now
i feel so bad for people who don't get along with their siblings. they'll never know the definition of a best friend.
i feel proud i'm volunteers
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
i honestly haven't had a bad dream in so so long, but i feel you
god i feel sick i feel we are just waiting on a newsflash of a goal from the other grounds
i feel so peng allahumma barik laha but my pics
i feel alive
i feel like my tweets are underrated
i feel like the more ghetto you are the mre extra you are for prom
i feel like i blinked and bam! i had to get up for work
god bless the day i started talking to you and may god bless your soul,i feel so blessed and lucky to have you.how are you not hungover honestly i feel like my heads in a blenderwhy do i feel meet me in the hallway is gonna be a <bleep>y song?when you crush over your friends head of security/bodyguard... i feel like this is the making of a bollywood movie plotwow for the first time i feel maturedi feel like i'm floatingi don't think this guy i want to meet has a big <bleep>. i feel like i'm going to be really disappointed. guys know if their <bleep> is big.i feel bad for you. and and and andi feel like daddy issues is a term just thrown around as a vague insult/explanation and doesn't really mean anything as a diagnosisbut- i feel a lil bit bored unnie. why ? :(i feel like such a <bleep>ing fan boy, because i am.naaah i feel u babe! #btsbbmasi feel like ?? perhaps i might take a break frm social media? bec i always feel worse when i see others' art bc i compare myself *i don't care me and my pals are <bleep>ing hilarious. i feel for people who don't get to listen to our mental convos and enjoyim on my way to the convention center and i feel like imma throw upso yesterday was my dads birthday so i completely spaced on doing a #lovelukemonth. i feel so terrible.once you feel the pain, youll know how i feel miho nishida soononmmki feel angela's pain and thank goodness she bought this story to our attention.noooo too cute also i feel like kita will stare them downthis is the night i fled and i do not want to be bound by anyone i feel that i could be free ihahaj, i feel you! exact same reason i haven't changed mine for the past 5 years on every social mediathanks to for running a story about my situation. i feel like hiding in a corner in utter embarrassment.i feel like this is me. i don't feel like i am very creative.i dedicated 6 years of my life to my school, i've been a true blue vincentian eversince 7th gradr. i feel you jia #thankyoujiamorazowithout you i feel broke like im half of a wholethere were people who made me feel ashamed because i'm from addu, but right now i feel nothing but pride.when you're young life i full of so much, so much excitement for even the most smallest things. when can i feel that againits a good thing i can skate well enough because i feel like dying after a quarter mile sprinteveryday, i feel very tired and sleepythe definition of double damage! i feel your pain, fran!i feel so hype!!! #btsbbmas #wingstourinmanilasometimes i feel like i'm sleeping as i'm wide awake doing <bleep>but i'm really glad that i'm pretty good in physics tvt i feel like physics is important regarding the futurei feel u taaam gaad!there are times when i feel pretty but then came my friends to remind me of the line of beauty.i feel horrible for always forgetting the people's who are so dry but still try to keep the convo going i don't deservi feel like both arsenal united are in a lose-lose situationi feel strongly that the 432 hz has a lot to do with free energy..jesus christine i feel illi feel like this might have been karma for taunting you with alisha's arc. it's in the bag.why do i feel like i'm losing people i thought who'd never leave me?i feel like i'm one of the only people who can have fun without drugs or alcohol involved#rhos i hope you didn't get slapped....not sure what is coming up but i feel mortified alreadyidek how i should i feel about <bleep> no moresuddenly we get a bunch of bangtan bombs i feel blessed i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social"i feel so lonely without you."i am not mad; too well, too well i feelmy name is cat and with tha kit in front of stall we lyk to sit i feel her tongue i say meow i have a fren herthis is how i feel about u as i'm sure the rest of #thekingdom does your next man better meet all of this critand i feel like i'm falling but it's no surprise #maymayatbphdigiconexactlythat's how i feel...like...can they follow me finally?i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejectioni got up at 3am. no luck but i say i feel guilty.i am running on 14 hours of sleep and my oh my i feel the same as any other morningwow matty! i feel for you putting up with athena lisa's behaviour! crazy!i feel so fine i vote for the #btsbbmaswtf????? grabe i was just joking and now i feel dpso attacked right now!???i feel people go to cinemas to be entertained, rather than being educated on historical topics. we could learn froi feel like the whole game is gonna shut down when finally drop #bcwyf . god is comingalexis: "when i got here, i thought, ill win the <bleep>le with this squad.' i feel that we should win more games 3-0 ordamn i hate what i feel nowthis month is gonna be amazing i feel itworking in retail has ruined shopping for me. if i see that it's messy while shopping, i'll start folding clothes like "boo, iwhen i love, i love hard. nothing or no one can change the way i feel about that person.#italywantsanotherconcert 207 i know you're reading this. i feel itone thing that worries me about not having a beard is im not sure theyll let me be an ancestor. i feel like thats ai had scones for breakfast today, i feel so britishi feel sorry for the guy who wasted p250 for pizza and pasta :( sayang food :---(i feel better times are on the horizon for o's and the fans have been remarkable. more of the same next year and orientwell today i feel marginally better. my head is fuzzy though.hoseok did a hip thrusts in front of me and took a glance asdfghjas i feel so attacked #btswingstourinmanila #btsbbmas hti feel so very weak wtf hahai feel so bare without my nails.tbh sometimes i feel rly bad whenever i can't do much for the people i love when they're hurting.@choxcolyte best of my love doesn't take much to make me happy and make me smile with glee never will i feel discouragedi feel drowsy huhu
not feeling well i feel like im gonna have fever soon ill be back later when i get home i love bts and i miss them so much
i feel sad again
i feel sorry 4 anyone who tryna love me, bcos i only love one person ://
one of them rate decent hangovers when i feel like watching tv under a blanket all day
dem: "the only word i can think of to describe how i feel about you right now is obsessed". #bbcan5
dear all, i juz want to let u all know how i feel inside.
spending 140 last night i feel sick
i feel so alone and unloved :(
i feel alive when you're beside me. #btsbbmas
i feel very uncomfortable filling out a customer survey about customer service specifics ("did the clerk make eye contact and smile?")...
i am g but i feel like no one would hire me. should i like do makeup as a sideline or nah?
i feel so bad when i have to call into work.
i feel u beb
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
now i feel like a lazy <bleep> because it's actually pretty mild and nice out
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
i feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist award
literally spent $600 at the mall, i feel so bad
even tho i feel very tired today i have had a busy morning tidying the house!
i'm in a bad relationship with alcohol. no matter how bad it gets or i feel the next day, i always go back.
suddenly we get a bunch of bangtan bombs i feel blessed i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social
hold up that song actually my <bleep> and i feel like <bleep>s <bleep>ted on it just cause they ain't like that album
that being said i feel for my guys having to put up with a new moiz every week
i feel very unwell... alcohol is not my friend
ive just been watching supergirl all day today lolz i feel lazy af
i miss my scale i feel like even if i did lose i probably gained it all bc of last night
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again
i feel your pain
i feel like people have spent too much time working that they forget to actually live their lives.
i feel like i got hit by a <bleep>ing train
i'm not that girlfriend who makes my boyfriend buy me things or spoil me .. hell nawh i feel soo mamlao .. i just can't
i feel like an idiot for missing you.
i get jealous a lot because i feel easily replaceable.
not to be fake deep but i feel like i could never see tegoshi the way i did before after all this lol
just stood up too quick and now i feel drunk again
i feel bad for all of us
alexis: "when i got here, i thought, ill win the <bleep>le with this squad.' i feel that we should win more games 3-0 or 4-0"
idk how i feel anymore. i would just like to be far away and alone
i feel like im dying
i feel honored :')
i feel down with everything
i feel disgusting today. sore head.
less rest and that's not good i'm going to have to put in the old vhs and enjoy cautions the way i feel they were meant to be
i feel honored to be part of this team #acsla
good sunday morning twittermates. i feel a deep reverence for the sea, for all its power and tranquility. may you have a pe
anytime i watch a whitehouse press conference, i feel dumber. the saturday night live version has more facts. <bleep>er gives ame
he jus ah snake i feel it n my bones
y do i feel like i'll have this busy week? hmmm
i feel a little stronger than before. where did this come from all of a sudden?
- shower was great , i feel alil better
i feel like i can fall asleep any moment omg zz
you were amazing on cnn. i feel your frustration. sadly, bg's daughter's face while you spoke said volumes. fight on!
haha that'd be epic, walking around in a 1 piece suit covered in logos, i feel like that would fit with my whole #clus cape look
when i feel like i'm doing okay, the "okay" feeling just goes away
just woke up and i feel that
"i feel it coming"
when i start the conversation, i feel like i'm annoying you.
i feel like the rock becoming the highest paid actor is just a continuation of his wwf persona's story arc.
i want to finish these two tweet series asap then 30 days off from twitter. will come back if i feel so... col purohit art
so we're down as it stands. i feel sick
i feel tired
the worst is happening!!! i feel sick
mfs change like the weather, i don't speak on how i feel cause you never know anyone's true intentions w/ you
i feel you vinny. we once had 10 days in a row working..dude i feel so angry, sad, and depressed and i can't vent to hristijan about it becos he doesn't want to talk about it anymore #mvfci feel ui'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingnow, i feel so good and blessedsometimes i feel like, i wanna go bang uhhi feel like it's our duty as women at the bare minimum to hear other women out instead of wanting to look better by siding with men.i feel like caramel slice right now and i don't have any. what a dilemma.i feel like a walking shelldrawing jessie. ha! i feel important!i would like to thank and for curing my depression through these videos. i feel so good about life right nowme trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.jees the stream chat is cancerous. most people in it are acting like they're 12. i feel sorry for you mate.i feel sick, so many sweets (this is on youi'm in a bad relationship with alcohol. no matter how bad it gets or i feel the next day, i always go back.ppl will request lyft from their phone...i pull up and they'll ask "you the uber?" i feel in gang culture this would be unaccthis is funny i never really drink coffee bcuz of mingyu i started drinking it often but i feel like bcuz of sf9 i got addictedi feel sickthis is tiring even for us. imagine how tiring must it be for the girls. i feel absolutely sorry for them.i feel you man.good anime. imma stop watching now tho because i feel like <bleep> and i dont wanna spoil the anime with such feelingsi feel like a fat <bleep>well, i succumbed. i retweeted myself and nobody retweeted my retweets of my tweets i retweeted. i feel disgusting. i hopi prefer to show people how i feel about them, but at the end of the day not everyone understands body language so, just tell them.i feel like toronto is getting swept todayi feel so blessed and loved. thank you po lord!when i start the conversation, i feel like i'm annoying you.my heart feels so heavy but at the same time i feel empty . iono anymorei feel that way. what should i do?i feel like i'm partying with thru snap rn. lmaoits 3 years since prismatic world tour started i feel old....i am not mad; too well, too well i feelactors i like either play masterpiece-movies or junks. and i feel both kinds too overwhelming to watch...i feel so pathetici feel like there was a missed opportunity for a t-swift/eminem collab. at least there's still this ha spring flinggggg lol...i feel like we're an american town in the middle of england, does anybody else get those vibes?i feel drugs have become a part of our culture to a certain degreei need to go to my get away spot .there i feel like nothing bothers mei feel so bad rn knowing that i don't know what to do.... inigoloveties asonei vote for the top social artist award #btsbbmas i feel motivatedi feel challenged after digi managed to write a light novel in a day/week (whatever, short amount of time) thinking of trying it myselfi feel like men only participate in spirituality (and even feminism) to take tbe spotlight from women. not bc they actually feel it.sj: im on a diet and i feel like im going to lose 3kg today yk: did yall eat dinner before this? fans: no yk: why fans: we diwanna do more than think about you. and find out, if what i feel is true.i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somethinhonestly, a sainthood is what she deserves. i feel the need to tell her to get out of therejokes and comments apart... i feel this all aap drama is orchestrated to claim the lost ground.. none of these jokers cani feel sick #squeakybumtime #bcfc #efl#ssoswithdeji np: i feel it coming - /i feel proud i'm volunteersi feel this very muchi saw at greenhills earlier. she's so glorious. i feel so blessed. omh.i feel so sick rn...some days, i feel normal. other days, i feel like there is an orange neo-fascist serial <bleep> offender living in the whitei feel great. i'm ready to ko
i will make everything come true.. i feel like my own genie
okay but why do i feel weird about putting deodorant on in public???
cried so hard tonight but hey i feel good now
i vote for the top social artist award #btsbbmas i feel cheated
the way i feel after 2 days in newcastle, watching this is going to end my <bleep>ing life. bin
i feel if i get close enough to the camera i can blot out the out of control wash pile
it was completely delightful, i feel better for having read it, thank you! :)
come on lads! i feel so sick
i feel #timeless will be renewed. that show has more support than any other bubble show on nbc. heck more support than an
"i feel like we're going to fall off the rails" "that would be exciting"
i don't know how i feel about leaving my son for 8 hours
i feel i've had a good effect on this situation . . . lets have more coffee!!! and cake????
i feel like dyingggg
i like how u fully spelled "cause" sometimes i feel silly typing "cuz" also.
i feel like the dreams ive been having are signs
i feel so prettyyyyy
i feel like you tweet this every day. does anyone try to catch the nut
i feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist award
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
"ooh, i feel good now." -richard nixon
i feel like spoiling my boyfriend and my family! send amazon gift cards now mistress4money@gmail.com
everytime i think about my drawing that went viral w/o credit (that i also sell prints of it) i feel so sick
when i feel pain, i immediately ask myself, "what is going on in my life or what has recently taken place?" #mindbod
i feel like there will always be at least 1 part of my life that is just not in sync with the rest
i feel you jack atlas
that's the way i feel about god. #untouched #unfiltered beautiful picture.
alexis: "when i got here, i thought, 'i'll win the <bleep>le with this squad.' i feel that we should win more games 3-0 or 4-0."
sometimes i feel like im too empathic. why should i let some total stranger's sadness affect me so much? and yet...
i feel like tomahawk steak and some mashed potatoes.
i feel your pain
i feel attacked
i feel like everyone has been in a lil bit of a makeup funk lately. so i just wanna remind yall that youre talented and y
art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! go
i feel like i killed tl with my cookies.
wait it's actually fun to go out on heels (baby steps kaya wedge muna) hihi i feel powerful (and tall)
i feel sorry for the ppl that ask who bts is once they win their bbma. the curious baby chicks will get bombarded with co
i feel so blessed because the priest pat my head and it feels like it was god.
i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back home eat jin i voted for #btsbbmas top social artist award
me: groot or the gray guy? (a game of would you rather) kristin: groot, i feel like he'd say nice things to me me: he wil
i don't have a good excuse guys. i feel like <bleep> and just wanna curl up in a ball. more soup. more blankets. send love, pl
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
everytime you caught me glancing at you, i feel like there's something in it.
don't know what i feel
goodnight i feel better a lot better now
i feel truly blessed, knowing every giant who has spoken ill of coors field is eating bugs in the cellar of the standings
wanna cry all this emotion out, i feel so <bleep>ing <bleep>ty
p.s. i couldn't remember if it was kirsten or kristen, and now i feel like a tool.
i feel like there is someone secretly following me around and documenting my behaviours to later pen memes like this one: h
i feel like russell is still gonna be better than fultz if you agree
in this blur i feel alive
i did its one here now i feel much better
i can't even explain how i feel anymore, my thoughts are so messed up in my head that i don't even understand them.
nobody understands how deserted i feel.
alexis: "life's short and your career is even shorter. after a bad result i feel sad that the fans in the stadium haven't seen us win."
i feel so bad for missing out on yoshida's confidant in my first playthrough, this guy's so based
said now i feel like ace when he walked out the cleaners
one thing that worries me about not having a beard is im not sure theyll let me be an ancestor. i feel like thats a
i feel like death rolled over. and i don't understand why, because i never drank yesterday. maybe that's the problem.
i feel like leaving n stuff.
no funny <bleep> it's really ova for <bleep>s. every time i level up i feel closer to achieving the vision.
me, after 13 hours of sleep: boy howdy do i feel like poop. you know what i need? a nap.
bcs i feel lonely :(
oh my god ldkfkgkg i just noticed and jt might be but now i feel pain looking at the picture
if i show you love even when you are crazy and acting up. please don't feel yourself, i did it cause i feel you are young an
i wanna check out this pop up shop but i feel like everything is going to be overpriced
nah i feel mad liquor in my stomach
i feel like - stop. i know what you're about to say. i don't think you - and the second that you say it... okay. i'll s
ohmygod i feel so giddy of course i will tell u darlingit's just one of those days where i feel really pretty without make upwhenever i see videos of college parties i feel thankful i go to shows instead lol.and i feel like this year is really about, just the year of realizing everythingi feel youi feel ui'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingwhat should i feel first? i dont know? happy? amaze? sad? oh shoot help #btswingstourinmaniladay2i feel like <bleep>...i feel like i should post more interesting things but i'm not feeling creative #btsbbmasi vote for for top social artist awards #btsbbmas i feel like im going to die when hyung is sadit's happening. i feel it deep downi love my alone time i feel like that's when i come up with the best <bleep>i feel like the polls (showing macron at 62-63% and le pen at 37-38%) will be mostly correct, even if you account for two major factors:i hate going to bars. i feel like people look at me and think: "this guy knows that myspace ended, right?"omg i feel ya on thati feel like going for a swim since the pool closes at 9pm, i still have time hahathis is exactly how i feel at the moment- so disheartened by everythingi feel like being adventurous todayi feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist awardi feel like i got hit by a busmaybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i care.i feel like <bleep>it's the marshals that i feel sorry for. they graciously volunteer their time to get abused byi feel the exact samei feel like i need about 3 more brains to hold all the knowledge for my examsi just pray i marry a man that be my strength when i feel like giving upj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i sart giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! goi feel like such an outsider bc i've never played pokmon go?i feel so attacked the way he's looking into the camera #justinbbmas htti feel like pure <bleep>ei love the acting in skam. i feel like tarjei breathes isak's love for even into every second they're on screen together htti feel that this would breath the 140 character limit... as well my limits of understanding.this may be an unpopular opinion in the vegan community, but i i feel it is more important for humans to have basic rightsi choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejectioni luv when people trust me enough to have deep conversations and expose their vulnerabilities. i feel blessed to even see thati feel honored to be part of this team #acslai wish i can explain to you how i feel because every night before i go to sleep. you're all i think about.now you know how i feel.i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happensame girl i feel youyho imagine if we looked the <bleep> were going through . looking good kinda helps me a bit. i feel good for that moment. hok i feel a bit more relaxed now, 3-0 blow that whistle quick #nffcme being sick literally all day so not leaving bed. but now i need to sleep i feel better?me 4pm: i feel so inspired! me 10pm: i love all my friends! me 2am: wait, it's 2 already? me 8am: why am i awai feel proud i'm volunteerseveryone's trying this lol. i feel left outi feel like i'm outta my mind, feels like my life ain't mine. - logicas mr k seems to be living here full time now i won't actually take the dane because that's not fair. and i feel rather guilty about it. :/though i'm not at the concert, i feel emotional right now :( #btswingstourinmanilathanks for playing my song #sthandwa by it hit me right in the heart, i feel all mushy nowyou're the main manindi has voiced everything i feel about this so-called sequel to ipkknd so brilliantly and so beautifully. there's not

i feel you
sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.
i feel really dumb every time i actually let a person in and let my guard down for them
i feel like i need 2 days worth of sleep
basically, i'm doing it only boasted tweets. i feel bad with looking.
i feel irresponsible for even posting pie in the sky rubbish like this, buuuuuuut...have you ever seen a $vtc pump before?
im ging to b.a.p concert today but the bts manila concert fancams still breaks my heart t.t i feel so bittersweet about today
i feel really sick again but i don't know if i should call in for work bc i did on friday bc i felt sick like i did today
yet when it stops, i feel relieved. rain also acts as the savior, wiping away the unnecessary memories, cleansing the soul,
how was it 3 years ago i feel like it was yesterday bye #3yearsof1dinbrazil
i feel empty
i feel your pain dude
ikr but yeahh i felt guilty tho. i feel like im cheating
a girl that knew me last night at moos said i was on the same level as beyonc, it was cute af. i feel bad cause i didn't know who she was
i like it when guys say "that's my girl or that's my wife" i feel happy to hear that.
i feel bad for others that gotta deal with our generation. i'd hate us too
i nap in e afternn. i feel sleepier during nite. sigh!
i feel like am inside the scoan
"oh ok" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i won't tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel
waaaaay up i feel blessed
trying my hardest not to act how i feel
just finished a swimming workout and i feel great! at this rate i'll be slim by the end of the year
suddenly we get a bunch of bangtan bombs i feel blessed i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social
idk why, i like it when guys say "that's my girl or that's my wife" i feel happy to hear that.
a week to go and i feel sick every time i think about next sunday #trfc #swa
i feel so heavy and empty at the same time. daaaaaaaamnnn
it's so sad to know that people can get down to that level for attention. i feel sorry for you
i feel for ya. i'm a forest fan. think you'll hold on!
i feel like there should be a look book from the past 10 years called "the evolution of kimo" you are a yes, you're gorgeous! slay.
i feel like changing my #, and not giving it to anyone
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
where are my spanish girls bc i can't sleep i feel so alone #btsbbmas
oh my u understand what i'm saying!! i feel blessed it's just sad that there are others with that kind of rude mentality
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.
i feel like seventeen will start dropping smol hints more about the comeback next week then legit teasers/concept photos on the other week
cute. i feel so sad
i feel your pain!
sometimes i feel that im the only one who needs to take care of others' heart while im hurt inside
i have no idea what is happening or how i feel
i feel like i particularly remember a pokemon gang fight. it was <bleep>ed up
24 today honesty i feel really different
kungs feat. ephemerals - i feel so bad
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
i feel even worse today, than these last couple days. now my ears hurt
there are days when i feel like i've lived a thousand lifetimes. and days in which i feel as though i just crawled out of
my mom made me take my meds today and now i feel loopy and sick :)
money trees is the perfect place for shade and that's just how i feel
i want to finish these two tweet series asap then 30 days off from twitter. will come back if i feel so... col purohit art
i feel like having mcdonalds but i aint got the money for it gotta save up till friday
i feel a lot better today.
i feel like i have depressions everytime there is a kingdom hearts orchestra world tour somewhere and people keep posting photos of it
i feel <bleep>ing awful
i feel asleep!!!
"maybe i'm okay; but maybe i'm not. maybe i'm not happy; maybe i'm not sad. most of the time i don't know what to feel
kinda wanna tell you how i feel but i'm not mentally or physically prepared for the answer you'll give back.
i feel like an og but i only joined rs twitter in 2014.
i feel you ate
oh i feel ya
sick yesterday, all i remember is i ate a lot of bacon. i feel better today, so.
i feel on! i feel good!! i feel great!!! i feel blessed!!!! #oggb
i feel like, all it take is a second to feel like.
this is nothing to be proud of and nothing special but i feel good guessing whos the xman right wkskwkkz
no funny <bleep> it's really ova for <bleep>s. every time i level up i feel closer to achieving the vision.
i feel like dunkirk is going to be one of the most intense movies in a while. at least it better be.
i stole 20k from work this weekend and i feel awful. i love my job and more crazy african secrets on our site. #mashemejiderby
i feel like watching the princess and the frog today before i go to work tonight singing poorly to all the songs lol
i feel so sick
"even if i feel insecure i believe that my heart will not leave you my heart will reach past beyond the wind" voteyou know so dont tell me but i feel goros gonna die or something weirdsofpspc i feel bad his poor scalp its probably cryingi feel so ugly for listening to ping while weeping over how good hoseok looks even though it came on shufflei feel lonelyi have to say i feel sorry for blackburn. birmingham probably deserved to go down just for sacking rowett. #championshipi vote for for top social artist awards #btsbbmas i feel like im going to die when hyung is sadi feel so freeseriously tho, sometimes i feel so lazy alrdy, i just don't wanna care anymorei feel sorry for you man. anyway, still proud of you man. at least pinakita mong matapang kai mean what happened to listening to heavy metal or rock? i feel i need to educate the people in my area on what good music is #ineedtomovei love the sensates so much and i feel even more connected to them that's just crazyi feel like liverpool could use a striker who likes football.wow. i feel so special : )the shame i feel when my father sees a hickey on meyou're being extra handsome! i feel so attacked!!!!i feel love therefore i existlisten to "if only they knew" by oluwatweezy #np on #soundcloud i feel that tweezy, beautiful music! htti am voting for for top social artist at the #btsbbmas i thought im done cryingbut why do i feel tears rushing down to mu cheeksi feel like all nail techs, hairdressers, makeup artists etc should have a minor in counseling bc i tell my nail tech everythingoh my goodness! it was great so i must wait for ftm release... i feel it's long timei feel very #unloved. starting this day off sad, again. i must be unloveable. #nobodygivesafuck #fivemonthslump #whatsthepointsolid advice from my <bleep>os here yay i feel so lovedfuck me. i feel drained of life. get the <bleep> in you beautiful <bleep>s! #bcfc #krothis weather explains exactly how i feelim forced to deal with what i feelrip rovers... never thought i'd say it but i feel for you mansome man is staring at me read in costa i feel proper on edge please stopi feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me againsame :c i feel like even if i may not have the greatest fancams, i still keep on rewatchingoh my god idky but i feel so happy rn lmaobaby baby i feel crazyi feel accomplished!everything i achieve i feel like i'm kidding the system.. i'm <bleep> at revising and selling but i get lucky.. <bleep> the systemi feel like an idiot for missing you.i got <bleep>erflies this morning i feel you my baby that intuition kicked ini feel jealous.suddenly we get a bunch of bangtan bombs i feel blessed i vote for for the #btsbbmas top socialwhy do i feel that everyone secretly hates me? my world is so cruel hahawhy do i feel so broken rn?the weeknd ft. daft punk - i feel it cominggetting lied to is the worst and i feel like it happens to me more than it shouldsmh i feel like i've lived 7 lives since the last season of game of thrones pls return to me my loveeverytime i watch fixer upper i feel like i need to move to waco texasim so happy bc everyone is tweeting " mahal kita" i feel lovedi feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back home eat jin i voted for #btsbbmas top social artist awardi feel really <bleep>ty and trying to catch up on afi's discography is probably making it worsei feel like the next few days would actually deserve a 1-pc <bleep>y chicken joy with rice with large sarsi with a yum cheeseburger ala carte.were so nice and made and i feel like we have all been frif this wasn't specific to bond being the ultimate lone wolf, as a heterosexual male, i feel bashed by this tweet.so like i'm only running on 2 hours of sleep and i can't go back to sleep. gonna get breakfast and see how i feel when i come back.everytime you're near i feel like i'm in heaven.wow i feel like <bleep>i see you, i feel youuui'm finna shoot my shot, i feel like cupid in this <bleep>.that's how i feel, you are the sky at night, black and while, green and blue, you're so beautiful, beautiful, that's how i feel about youi feel like i know everyone in kalamazoo and i need to leave.everytime i go outside in heat i feel like <bleep>ing noah bringing in the animals two by two all over meidk i feel like i might never be able to see them?i feel so bad for people who don't get along with their siblings. they'll never know the definition of a best friend.i feel proud i'm volunteersi feel very un-british being at the seaside whilst it's actually sunny. #havinganidentitycrisisi feel like i deserve more than what i take in. i deserved to be loved, shown off, adored etcas soon as i feel bad energy coming frm u u gtgin other news, this is the first time i've worn double denim since i was about 8 and i don't know how i feel about that.i feel so sorry for brightoni said i would run a clean campaign, and i will, but i feel southends large and diverse lgbt community should know their#justfortoday #affirmation ~ i feel that i can do anything!
i don't know why the dnc is even bothering with
i feel bad for brighton i was hoping they would win the <bleep>le but congratulations on the promotion
nqibsishehw this show id so stress, i feel like quitting, too manu things in one day
i feel like i dont know anything t-t
i feel lost inside myself . not much just a bit .
deeper, i feel like dying every day i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas
i feel so alone.
i feel so good when my ameribros wake up
i'm gonna try to sleep and hope i feel better in the morning hhhnn goodnight
aap was a revolutionary idea to the extent that it involved younger generation in idea of change. i feel sad that these kids
i ain't got a big deal but i'm still a big deal and i feel important (nah like really)
this friendcation bout to be a movie i feel it in my biggity bones #annualtingz #everysummer
i feel honored
i feel so <bleep>ing weird like what the <bleep> do i do now
i feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist award
herrera: "the previous seasons here i was happy, but with mourinho i've found the balance and stability. i feel i always
ft aston villa 1 albion 1: warren aspinall "i feel really sorry for the players and they can't believe what's happened.
choir ministering to us this morning "mere words are not enough to express how i feel inside oh lord." #prayersthatwork #
i feel like if you aren't into partying people dont wanna be friends with you. kinda coming to terms with it but it kinda m
i'm so glad that this poor season has come to a end but i feel holloway and r the ppl to run the club
i feel extremely <bleep>y today. fok
i feel good
i feel at home at lives. i really don't want to lose that feeling.
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again
i'm addicted to the way i feel about you when i think about you.
after that overnight stay, i feel so independent char hahaha
i feel like i would totally name my kid judas if it didn't have such a negative connotation. it's a cute name. damn you judas iscariot!!
why do i feel like all of the singer's from 5sos are all like "i'm not but twenty dollars is twenty dollars" all of the time
i'm giving you a nightcall to tell you how i feel
i'm getting really nervous about my exams, i've been spending too much time studying but i feel like it's not enough
everytime i hear #sthandwa on radio i feel things i didnt know i can feelthanks
i wish you could understand the way i feel about you.
i love my onika so much if i dont make this contest to win i know one day god is gonna bless me to meet her soon i feel
no vlive today.. i feel empty
i feel your pain!
i can't say i feel sorry for roman reigns, he shouldn't have fought because he knew he was still injured.
im going to dance bc i want to and i feel free
regarding this picture, i do see the reason for outrage and it is warranted, however i feel another aspect also demands
i feel like <bleep> and i just wanted to thank whoever it was who discovered tea, ur the real deal
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
that's how i feel about python
i feel the same way about harry ):
i feel a lil out of place whenever im at work. hmmm
i feel alone whenever i'm not with you.
i feel that the earth isn't flat and that's excellent
i feel bad for people who try too hard to stand out.
i feel your pain. just eaten half tiger bread baguette. worth it though, off on the bike now! x
aw. i feel pity for youhahahahaha jk.
happy 2 years w romeo!! i feel bad for the one who sleeping at them. they're talent are no joke and they're amazing il
i feel betrayed.
subaru's state in re:zero ep 8 is how i feel right now where my emilia at
me 4pm: i feel so inspired! me 10pm: i love all my friends! me 2am: wait, it's 2 already? me 8am: why am i awa
why has elle come into my room looking so fresh when i feel like death!? *cries internally*
ah, i feel like ive gone crazy, crazy lately i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas
i feel sad. histo exam tmr
nobody understands how ornery i feel.
its like an avalancheeee i feel myself go undeeeer
i s2g in times like this i feel like a failure again even tho i know it wasn't my fault but i can't help it you know
in retrospect, i feel less bad about getting my <bleep> kicked by sarah when i see her handing ou
how i feel doesn't matter.
for some reason i feel better today
i want to finish these two tweet series asap then 30 days off from twitter. will come back if i feel so... col purohit art
very rarely have that. i feel like only mysme counts haha. the pashet route in ozmafia wasn't overtly romantic though i thought it was idk.
i feel so attacked rn
really pleased to get an endorsement from i feel a twins sequel coming ondamn same i feel you i vote for for the top social artist awards #btsbbmasi feel being mixed u have the pressure of idenetifying with 1 or the other and also being shamed for identifying with 1 morits cold as hell but i feel like eating ice crams whyi feel you, i don't got time for anything i wanna do now.sometimes i feel so isolated from everyone and everythingalthough i dont have more interact with them, but i feel so happy just to see their tweet about the boysi think i just watched and foreplay on snapchat just now.... idk how i feel about thisthe only time i feel like home is when i hold u closeman i feel deprived lol hell nah.chorister rock it now that beat i feel good.thanks for not pointig it out it was very polite.though i feel bad, i love that film and booki feel sorry for people who don't know me. and sorry for some that do.sturridge has a bit more pace i feelsummer kinda stresses me out because i feel like i have to be doing something fun at all hours or else i'm wasting summeri like how u fully spelled "cause" sometimes i feel silly typing "cuz" also.monk "charlie will face the consequences of his actions. he is a good lad but i feel he has been badly advised all yeaherrera: "the previous seasons here i was happy, but with mourinho i've found the balance and stability. i feel i always hai feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist awardi love how miley cyrus is just leaving her roots to grow out because i feel like doing that cause it's in such <bleep> conditioni feel like <bleep>i feel like the best editors in the community are actually high af when they start editingawesome! i feel like a child! can't wait to visit ! #miamimuseum!someday i'll die because of depression . i'm not joking. sometimes i feel like an outcast to them.uh oh~ i feel like watching 'slamdunk' the old japanese anime~ how random..j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si rarely have it but when i do i feel like my head gonna explode and not prefer taking meds. :d &lt;3i feel like im losing interest in everythingsometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.i feel depressed and lonely:(whenever i'm in those woods i feel like i'm being watched... #gravityfalls #dipperpinesmfs change like the weather, i don't speak on how i feel cause you never know anyone's true intentions w/ youif taylor came back from hibernation i feel like all my problems would fade away and everything would be ok againwhen i feel lost and bewildered kakkest feeling everi choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejectiondidn't even go out last night and i feel hungoverthank u dav i feel validated uwuyh i feel uso my pcd, it's where in the middle of the concert i feel no emotion and when the concert ends that's when i feel dead and sad and <bleep>i feel like i don't deserve my imposter syndrome#btswingstourinmaniladay2 has ended. i feel so empty. i think my heart was <bleep>ed by and they're going to take it back to koreaoh <bleep> girl i just ruined everything for you omg i feel awfulthe excitement i feel over a new vacuum makes me feel like maybe, possibly, i'm not living my best life.does anyone else experience geese screaming in their windows every morning? i feel like i have a choir of them.don't know what just happened, but it felt like something in my head clicked and now i feel tired. weird...i feel like they're super exhausted bc of the world tour na huhu they were wearing pain relief patches kaninabecause i feel like i should've never accepted some people into my life.i'm gonna pray for mr. roger taylor cause and i feel something wrongthat's me, with mac and cheese. i feel you, man.monk "charlie will face the consequences of his actions. he is a good lad but i feel he has been badly advised all year" #lufci can't ever remember my dreams i feel like it was a good one tootrump is a symptoma fever. hillary would be a cancer slowly eating us to death while we went around saying, "igod i feel roughme: *wants to be spoiled* also me: *wont accept anything bc i feel extremely bad if anyone spends any amount of money on me*as a ph army, i feel so honored and spoiled by btsmy grandma asked if i would consider moving back home and i don't even know how to answer that. i feel awful.yeah but i feel like the defense cannot even hold a candle to the defense on the 2014 and 2015 rangers teams.i feel like i'm confident but very insecure at the same time lol.. don't know how it works but it just does.i feel ignorant:(can't deal with smelly people in the morning, i feel sick.basketball sunday i feel going for 30 today
i feel like she talking about herself. she 100% bat.
just had to take the allergy tablets that make you drowsy n i feel like i've smoked ffs i need to revise
forgetting how i feel ,remembering what i deserve
if we look to the bible for what's wrong and right. we'll cut out a lot of "i feel like this.." or "my pastor curse so.."
i have no idea what i want to do today, i feel like i should clean. but i wanna play games.
having a slight panic attack while taking notes on wwii for apush because i feel like i'm writing about 2017 policy made u
i feel like true understanding of god is just thoughts and vibrations of no particular direction.. it's just freedom in waves of space
im sorry for asking who hurt chris im sorry i feel like eijun now oh ymg dog
going to sleep until i feel better brb in 7.2 billion years
the lord himself has liked my post and i feel accomplished
i was taking a video of my fav part in high school musical and i realized that i haven't actually pressed the record <bleep>on i feel so dumb
i'm in a red state too with a governor that loves pence. i feel your pain
i feel slightly exposed
sometimes i feel like i met the right person at the wrong time
when i pray i feel so relieved
monk "charlie will face the consequences of his actions. he is a good lad but i feel he has been badly advised all yea
herrera: "the previous seasons here i was happy, but with mourinho i've found the balance and stability. i feel i always ha
did i projectile vomit in my sleep because my mouth tastes so gross right now i feel like gagging
what i hate about bein a student is i can do a ton of work in one day but if its not schoolwork i feel unproductive
boyyyyyyyy i feel like a new <bleep> when i get my eyebrows done.
i feel so bad for shawn
every time i see taeny 'kilig' moments i feel like i want to punch something or flip a table.
someday i'm gonna be able to articulate exactly how i feel for you. today is not that <bleep>ing day.
i feel like i dont say this enough so i rlly love appreciate yall ilu ur all awesome
like my heart is bruised, i feel more blue
i feel sick
i feel awful nd super stressed a
i did not want this day to come but now all i feel is numb.
i feel super sad whenever leaves without even saying bye :-((
i voted for bts for top social artist at the #bbmasi feel so nice, mom i feel so nice #btsbbmas bts on top
if i feel this dead for livs next week a swear darn
this generation so goofy to me, i feel like i'm way a head of most of y'all
damn same i feel you i vote for for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
doing nth all day really stresses me out bc i feel like im wasting my whole life but im like too stressed out to actually s
i feel so blessed rn
art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! go
i hate him so much and his cute smile and his cute self im literally in tears because he makes me so happy,,, everytime i fe
this is how i feel rn and the green dragon on the cross i found that hoot hoot motha <bleep>as i'm a owl of magic called
sundowns dont wanna attack, i feel like they holding back since they scored #absaprem
never forget that god hasn't finished with me yet i feel his hand on my brain when i write rhymes i go blind and let th
i feel nothing
tasked to be the videographer for today's mos. i feel so fortunate that we interviewed liza soberano. this girl is perfec
i feel old though. this my jordan year
i feel really sluggish rn idk why
flu+cough+sore throat+not enough sleep due to lots of event. i feel so fvck'd rn.
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
i feel like will be proud of me for having a "i wanna listen to taylor swift and be super basic" morning.
i feel like my life ain't mine
final exams start tomorrow and i feel absolutely horrendous
this little girl came to my meet and greet and asked me what my name was i feel humbled and kind of star struck by her ??
alexis: "when i got here, i thought, 'i'll win the <bleep>le with this squad.' i feel that we should win more games 3-0 or 4-0."
and i feel proud if add me in #kashmir social media team...
ever felt like you have a greater purpose in life? like deep within your core a greater calling beckons? i feel that way
the i feel right now i'd honestly rather go bust than have them in charge any longer
the longer i spend in the exposition center, the more i feel like giving relevant but unsolicited information that would advance the plot.
and im so scared im gonna die as lonely as i feel right now
i feel horrible
can't deal with how rough i feel kill me now
<bleep>ing hell i feel like <bleep>
pirates need makola klaar otherwise mathata ke a bona eish ebile i feel sorry for them
now i feel bad for forgetting her :( i was talking about willie rennie and the inability to say "expect awareness" about him.
reason to dislike him, i feel, than yoshitatsu being dull.
i feel like a bad parent.
no, but if i was a bird, i'd totally live there! (i feel bad for anyone who might have been pooped on)
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again
lately all i feel is u
but why do i feel empty
the weekend - i feel it coming
yea i feel ya
i feel like i'm confident but very insecure at the same time lol.. don't know how it works but it just does.
i feel horrible i just want some cuddles and love oml
i feel a big change coming. god i'm ready
sometimes i feel a rush of pride for jack bc he's worked so hard to get where he is now and i'm so proud of everything's"stay yourself", they've said back in dec '16. i feel i didn't, no matter how much i've tried; and i feel now i need them more than everi feel so insulted when <bleep>s lie to me. like you really think i'm a grade a dummy huhf me i feel like thanksgiving loriimagine putting someone before the person i spend most time with, who i am going to marry and get a family with. this isi feel blessedsamee i want to know the names of the other members. i feel like jin is fivei feel so <bleep>ing broken and empty. i'm so sorry dad.i feel like you're predicting another hillary clinton landslide...is that what you're doing?by the way some of y'all been tweeting...i feel like y'all should definitely be in church today...like from 9am till 4pm.is this youth tl?? i feel so old herei feel youinspired isn't a strong enough word to describe how i feel about josh and tyler. vote forgeez i feel so much better now i was completely addicted to twitter i'm pretty good at stopping bad habitsi feel cleaned, is this even a thing?i feel sickherrera: "the previous seasons here i was happy, but with mourinho i've found the balance and stability. i feel i always ha"thy most i remember...thy most i feel better with myself, everything was a trap"i feel like i'm never gonna be happy againi feel like the youths attention span is shrinking everyday,, don't ride the same wave.i feel like wanna continue sleep.....trump is easy to criticize and his flaws are obvious, he also makes your average leftist go berserk. so i feel like thi feel so lovedsee i'm trying to find my place but it might not be here where i feel safei feel like dressing up and going for late lunch or dinner by myself.alexis: "when i got here, i thought, ill win the <bleep>le with this squad.' i feel that we should win more games 3-0 or 4my dog has really bad separation anxiety and every now and then when he thinks people are leaving, this happens and i feelomg i feel so bad for ino havjng so shout so much like that pls sit down and drink some water bbwhy do i feel like attention is about bella thorneif you didn't grow up with your best friends i feel sorry for youi feel like it's so easy to get wrapped up in our communities little bubbles. expand your horizons because there's wayi feel as if you retweeted this thinking about mei hate when i feel like my time is being wasted !!!i feel for everybody with student loans man. thats part of the reason for boxing. my sister got them joints. dont need her worryingi feel like i belong to something that doesnt exist.summer kind of stresses me out because i feel like i have to be doing something fun at all hours or else im wasting summsometimes i feel that i deserve no one because i'm honestly a hard person to understand and people will always get tired of mereow...i feel ya dude my hot mrs tamed me as well! and yes i'm saying you've got a hot mrs ;)fdr, truman, lbj, obama... wwii, vietnam, korea, interment camps and 2 nukes... i feel the love.ive been getting asked all night how i feel. i feel empty, destroyed, betrayed, abandoned, and broken.today i feel pretty great, i've ate three cookies and that's all..i think im only going to make 1 video today but if i feel like its not enough i will make another oneis ??????? an emotion bc i feel it rni feel like i might throw upomgggg girl i feel so bad for you not having pop isn't that bad tho you feel better not drinking it honestlydon't let this video of the boys dancing macarena die ... i can't describe the longing i feel #3yearsof1dinbrazil htt"when i feel like im forgetting myself, in that place i find my old self" - ma city by bts #btsbbmashonestly, i feel 's anger towards us ... so, he's getting even! more pici slept early last night and i feel amazingi feel so attacked by all the concert vids on my tli was in a 119 whole at one point but damn 270 .. i feel bad for herthe rain is gone and i'm well rested as hell. i feel like i could take on the empire myself!i feel myself turning into the person who hurt me. i don't believe you have always been this way either, who hurt you?without you, i feel broke like i'm half of a whole.not easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #motwinds of you excite my soul why is it i feel the song in my heart..jk to jm: everytime u ask me whats up whenever i feel down, i think u are definitely a good bro. #btsbbmasi feel so bad like look at his face:((((i feel so sicki feel like people who listen to a variety of music are more open minded, accepting and intelligent.. and that's <bleep>yi feel the little hairs on my neck bristle.i feel sorry for myself, for always letting people step all over me, for always letting people treat me like a trash, just bi feel like america keeps getting fouled and the refs aren't calling it.#gameday! #celtics wizards. game 4, 2-1. it4: "i feel like this is a must win for us" g. green: "we gonna beat th
and just before she leaves said "just saying what i feel i dont like it, you gotta dress like you're here"
i feel like i have to smile all the time because i look sad/mad when i don't
i had a dream about this event now i feel like it's my responsibility to coordinate it
i feel blessed
changes: i'm not feeling hungry all the time. i feel less out of breath climbing the stairs... this feels good.
if this isn't love, why do i feel this way?
worst part about the diet? when i do cheat, my body punishes me the next day. i feel awful.
i really be wanting to talk about my feelings and how <bleep>ty i feel.......but nah
you are so welcome ..... i feel in love with you
i feel like i've got nothing done today in the garden
what happened to people fighting for what they want or who they love? i feel like that has died down, people are so prideful
i feel disgusted waiiit
ok nvm i filled myself in. it didnt see the screenshots but i feel like the person he was talking to probably edited it????? ?idk
i feel u ate!!
why do i feel like the whole of brazil loves bts? go armys i vote for #btsbbmas top social artist award
i feel like this birth control making me even more emotional
"ahh i feel like a virile ox. " -marlton johnson
i feel this one rattling around in my core.
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
i feel you my friend
i feel like a broken record at this point, but goddamn things always just work out for me w/o even really trying.
i feel sick.......
damn same i feel you i vote for for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
i feel like people have spent too much time working that they forget to actually live their lives.
i feel like ichiro would condone the hell out of my last retweet
i really only get cute when i feel like it.. otherwise i'm bumming it
me: logic: im not ashamed to be white, im not ashamed to be black. i feel like it gives me perspective. those are just label
i feel sorry for her
4. hoseok got us all feelin spiritual jhopesus blesst us i feel like a better person after mama
u look so good... i feel so good
oh gee guys they be treating me like an idiot i feel so special like hell guys do it more
i feel ditched and i'm sad lol goodnight
tasked to be the videographer for today's mos. i feel so fortunate that we interviewed liza soberano. this girl is perfec
i feel for chris hughton but happy to take the trophy of course.
your just about the only person i resonate with on twitter...lol ;) i feel ya on every level
i feel like baking a cake but don't want to make icing. if i buy icing i'll prob also get cake mix. then i'll probably just eat the batter.
i feel safe in a cage... in new york city!!!
fr tho this is exactly how i feel about football ball still 11 men running after one ball :/
no funny <bleep> it's really ova for <bleep>s. every time i level up i feel closer to achieving the vision.
oh i feel so bad when someone favorites/follows this one multichaptered fanfic i have no intention of updating
i feel you beh
i feel attacked
i feel terrible, i haven't eaten or drinken anything and yet i'm still throwing up. my stomach hurts so much
i can relate to that feeling. i feel important and then i see i'm actually pretty far down the list.
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection.
"i feel they aren't overwhelming country" "don't they have that chicken-fried song?" "okay so they're kinda country"
this's like my first time ever being behind on <bleep>ignments. i feel attacked
a lot of great things have been happening and i feel like she's there watching it.
yho imagine if we looked the <bleep> were going through . looking good kinda helps me a bit. i feel good for that moment. h
i feel i may go and set up camp in the library for a few days...
i'm so homesick i feel physically ill.
yoongie as teambahay i feel you i also enjoy itlove you my brother
owen i feel roasted
i feel like elica will be the winner . her presentation so amazing ! #mentormilenia2017
i think i'm sick too for the millionth time this month i can't even breath and i feel so congested
cause skin on skin i feel nothing but the burning of desire and that's just foreplay
not easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #mot
i feel so angry, but today is good shepherd's sunday and jesus has reassured me that he came to give me life abundantly. so bye
me: mom i feel like i'm getting a flu mom: remember the ice cream you ate 20 years back, i told you not to! #africanpar
i feel really <bleep>ty, lmao goodnight
i feel you bro
they've been looking so energized during their whole stay i feel so blessed #btsbbmas
i feel so damn lone but its alright i talk to myself at midnights and do nothing but just sit lone, no one cares wthr you be happy or sad.
i feel like the rediculous amount we paid for #canelovschavez should be applied towards the ungodly ppv charge for gggvscanelo
nahhh when lads with girlfriends like your photos i feel like breaking their nose for the girls sake
article on most likely to cheat said "tall, blonde, shopaholics are most likely." who tf is writing this slander about me? i feel attacked
i feel you i just think her name is more important.
not sure how i feel about knowing my parents not only went into my bathroom but also saw my <bleep> on the side #justtransthings
i know, i feel you
i feel overstimulated by all of this
#gameday! #celtics wizards. game 4, 2-1. it4: "i feel like this is a must win for us" g. green: "we gonna beat thi know he got me when i feel lonely #god thankudamn same i feel you i vote for for the top social artist awards #btsbbmasblah- the emotion i feel ab all boys atmi feel like sleeping sampai habis degree. wake me up when july ends thanksi feel so far away you always come my way it repeats all over again i voted for #btsbbmas top social artist awardsnot easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #moti feel better. i can't fry an egg either high fivemost of the time i feel like punching people in the face, i swear everyone be gettimg on my nerves .i made a bag of stuff to give back to my bestfriend. i feel like we are breaking up.i want to finish these two tweet series asap then 30 days off from twitter. will come back if i feel so... col purohit artpretty sure i feel more hungry after i've eaten a salad than i did before i ate anythingi knoww ahhh i feel soft, im going to melti feel hungover and didn't even go outfriday and saturday finna be hella stressful i feel it.i feel so badkano really out there blessing my tl with yoongi's latest selca i feel blessedwe're not even there yet and i feel like i'm going to throw upi feel like a single mother of fivei feel like we are going to lose 2-0i feel like i'll shoot myself in the head if this music keeps playing cause it's an absolute torturei second the cotton candy machine, i feel like we need to get right on thati feel like they really enjoyed their stay here in ph. they enjoyed the concert, learning tagalog, and the dyosa fansdown here in savannah and i feel like i'm in the movie #getouti feel like i'm going to have an emotional breakdownso i took melatonin and it doesn't kick in till like hours later so now i feel like my body doesn't worki feel pretty bad for those 2000 npcs, wondering what happened to the park that had been improving so well and received so many awardsi feel like <bleep>i wanted to treat myself with a chocolate facemask but now it looks like i am doing blackface. i feel soooo uncomfortable xd".hey guys i feel like mushi swear sometimes i feel like all i got is myselfi feel the same way about smiles and affirming comments. #peopleskillsbh: sehun ah, do you have any fashion tips to recommend me? sh: ..... bh: why do i feel that you're not concerned abouteverytime i see hyuna on my tl i feel like choking myself to deathj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel like i have to apologise when i criticise him, but that was dreadful from jack hamilton. amateur goalkeeping. #hmfcli feel so safe around my man, i know he got me! i ain't to much worried about <bleep>.#newmusicalert coming in 2017 can i tell you how i feel?by stay tunedill be starting at 12 pm est btw. probably. around 12-12:30. longer stream too cause i feel bad i only streamed 3 and a half hoursat same time i feel that you win competition in sg also won't promise yah success in the biz.i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist award i feel blessed with my own dpi feel like he's too stubborn to move to plan b. plan a either works or it doesn't and we live and die by it.suddenly we get a bunch of bangtan bombs i feel blessed i vote for for the #btsbbmas top socialtasked to be the videographer for today's mos. i feel so fortunate that we interviewed liza soberano. this girl is perfec"i've been on the low, i've been taking my time, i feel like i'm out of my mind"i read a scary post and now i'm scared help i feel vulnerable#btswingstourinmanila no words can describe how i feel rn.. i got one bucket of tears #btsbbmasmy spanish teacher said that french fries were made in belgium. i feel like this is the only important thing i've been taught this year.i feel like a lil kid again being up rn eating fruit loops while watching cartoons but this time i have to go to work in 30 min :-(i feel like only psycho people have problems with iti'm not talking about jaebum's outfit today i feel personally attacked and not in the good way why he play me like thiswhat i feel rn: blankness numbness nothingi feel like we're at an age were we really gotta stop doing that dumb <bleep>...the boys in my school did a list of who's the prettiest and i got the prettiest i feel like hannah bakeri feel like a god amongst the mendawn rejected me this morning i feel unappreciatednobody knows the pain i feeli feel horribly late then... january 2017 i vote for the top social artist ajimin~ahh are you feeling well i feel like you are not ok...are you sick or something? #btsbbmasi feel like if anyone's gonna get removed from ax it's the volunteer who was badmouthin/trying 2 ban a company ax has partnei swear i feel so bad.no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feeli will never feel sorry for the way i feelart giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! goexactly that's why i feel like most people will only see it cuz of iron man not spider-mantbh i feel sorry for myself too haha i run into them at least 4 times a weekwhy do i feel so tirednoooo well a little ;; but im the prince of typos so i feel your paini hate being the passenger i like to leave when i feel like it.i feel like i got beat uphow does a jury work in a criminal trial, kemosabe? "fuck all that evidence - he's guilty. i feel it in my heart" were you bor<bleep> everybody love me , i feel like my name is raymondhey man ive a question about spiritsphere i feel i found a bug / cheat...they posted selcas... i feel so blessed #btswingstourinmanila #btswingstourinmaniladay2 #btsbbmasloooved that #doctorwho. i feel like that's what class was supposed to look like.
i feel so sick. advice from an idiot: don't get v drunk while you have a urti. it is not worth it. at all.
i feel like i made this au more brutal lmao
i feel like crying rn
i feel like i need to lie down for a while
once i feel different about u, ur done
i feel you sis
i feel so unimportant
no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feel.
min yoongi, you're making me smile when i feel bad and alone. you make my heart beat fast. i love you so much, my angel
what happened to people fighting for what they want or who they love? i feel like that has died down, people are so prideful
i soo could cry rn. i'm so frustrated and i feel unheard.
not easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #mot
sometimes i feel like consumers and the working class are nothing but cattle to the top 2%. #amjoy
he cant feel the way i feel now
sonu i love u so much ill never b able 2 show u how grateful i feel 2've sm1 lyk u by my side pls never leave me u
i feel like <bleep> cause of trusting people with my life and being let down
also imma need the contact info of whoever is laughing cuz nothing about this <bleep> is funny
#jokes4james "doctor, doctor, i feel like a pair of curtains." "pull yourself together."
i feel like top 4 has gone! if we were that bad at our jobs we'd be sacked!
wow i feel very special
if this isn't love why do i feel this way
well tony another piss poor end to another piss poor season i feel for you and especially the fans who wen
i feel like an idiot.i was playing through banjo tooie for the first time,and i thought you needed nuts and bolts for stop n swop cont
i feel inspired to do a makeup look today
what i hate about bein a student is i can do a ton of work in one day but if its not schoolwork i feel unproductive
out of body. that's just how i feel when i'm around you shawty...
sometimes i feel like i'm sleeping as i'm wide awake doing <bleep>
i really like her! the smiles she puts on my face, they're genuine. i feel as if i'm experience happiness for the first time
i feel like dropping kpop.. lol
is this how parents feel when their children achieve something? i feel so warm and fuzzy inside, my boys out there bei
i feel bad for bigger bands that have to deal with annoying, self absorbed people all the time.
nobody knows the pain i feel
i wish i wasn't so damn shy... i feel like it comes off as <bleep>y when really i'm just too quiet to have a conversation
i feel more alive when i'm writing than i do at any other time-except maybe when i'm making love.....
i feel for georgia's auntie, there was oranges, pringles, actimel and chicken kieves flying round the living room
tasked to be the videographer for today's mos. i feel so fortunate that we interviewed liza soberano. this girl is perfec
i feel like i'll never be rested
#mets' matt harvey got sent home to his palatial mansion today. i feel so bad for him and his multi-million dollar bank account.
gagi i feel so stupid for speaking my mind.
i feel a very bad episode coming in our future.those of us who see the danger will have
also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!
mino to yerin:i feel like you don t like me
among the very few things i feel like doing, getting up and driving to westlake is not one of them.
i feel like you can't explain memes bc explaining it kills the magic of the meme, it's a 'you get it or you don't' type of communication
there's this 'put your fingers here' thing i've done on the gram. now i feel like a complete fool.
tickets 2 see next year, don't mind if i do, not yet seen a comedien live, i feel it will be an experience i won't forget, .
winona is coming back home because i miss her and i feel guilty for putting her on people. nan is here to help me
whenever i feel like a dj. hold me accountable.
i feel you lmao i love him tho so
im a <bleep>er for toxic people bc i feel like i can help them when really they only use me and <bleep> the life out of me
i love the whole exo, but for bts i only love jimin hahaha.. really i feel like jimin just take me away from sehun lol haha
i feel like resting too zzzz. terrible. lost my diamond pendant because the guards pulled my neck.
why i feel so empty.
yes tbh i feel like draco fooled me into liking cc the day i read it before it all went to <bleep> lmao
i feel ill :( nonetheless, i vote #btsbbma top social artist award for
i feel like both jones/smalling are essentially playing for their #mufc futures today. the sense is at least one will
left hand parallel parking lol i feel like a g for the first try lmao
but you're an art god, too. you are an amazing artist. and i feel that i'm a potato...so many times...haha...
it's like when i feel lonely... porque ya no escribe cosas por mi
i feel strange here
i'm sorry but i feel sorry for you | your inability to keep me, instead you fed me lies and i grew sick of you
i feel good when i vote for #bbmas top social artist awards. #btsbbmas
good mornin i feel like complete garbage
i feel the same way haha
and aaaa i feel shy &gt;&lt; you weren't supposed to see that &gt;&lt;
thankyou, i have been trying to find the words to explain this for ages-i am not anti labour-you just expressed how i feel pewhenever i see videos of college parties i feel thankful i go to shows instead lol.if every pitcher who got suspended for saying i feel great after a bad start there would be no pitchers left in baseballthey ain't stupid and i feel they're waiting for the perfect moment that'll make sense for them as a company.i feel so blessed.i feel like crapdunno how i feel about this matchbut i'm really trying not to focus so much on work. i feel like i'm missing so much because of it. so i'm doing it one step at a timesecond day of waking up and crying because of how lonely i feeli feel like a new, refreshed human.ahhh i feel better. i was developing blue balls for thread for a sec thereme: i feel physically sick princess: girl go eat and go lay downi feel so sad today.can't you see that i don't know what to do anymore because of what you've done? it's like i want to be there, but i don't because i feel-i feel like you know when you have to pee so you start jumping up and down and feel like dying same -2min to the medleyi feel blind rashford will be subbed on73. beautiful liar - i feel like the world stood still for a while when shakira and beyonc dropped this one. beyoooooond ialexis:when i got here, i thought, 'i'll win the <bleep>le with this squad.' i feel that we should win more games 3-0 or 4-0." byi feel like slappin these bengali girls who diss bengali boys on a daily on the tl yet you have non bengalis forever complimenti feel crazy , up all night #jeveuxvoirharrystylesi want to cry till i feel okayi might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.ppl will request lyft from their phone...i pull up and they'll ask "you the uber?" i feel in gang culture this would be unaccidk i feel like they try and spin <bleep> all the time doubt he was on his phone and not evening holding the wheeli feel like y'all been posting prom pics for 4 monthsthe diaspora should be waaaay more intergrated but i feel we are more segregated than anything...i feel to awful rni feel like i'm to the point i just wanna be genuinely happy and not give a <bleep> what anyone else opinion iswow i feel bad ty you 2 migu solid collab.nobody knows the pain i feelthe intro to season 2 of scrubs is different from season 1 i feel really weirdi feel so attacked this isn't fair! his smile, his thighs and the way he rushes his hand through his hair, this isn't right!i feel and see traces of you everywhere and everytime and the pain is all the same take me back to the time i once called yousometimes i feel that i m all alone in this worldi feel sadi feel so weird not having anything to do today!suddenly we get a bunch of bangtan bombs i feel blessed i vote for for the #btsbbmas top socialok there was lots of crying and talking and i feel betterooopss... i feel a domestic coming. am i expected to take side?bcs i feel liddat too .i feel so bad for everybody in 6th year who has exams this summeri choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejectioni feel her smile on mei feel the same way. i so want to go and was thinking of taking my vacation then but damn it's so much money.i feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythiit's like when someone knows how hard i fw them i feel like they start tryna test meonce i feel like im giving more than im getting its a dead situationthen, i've been watching this series again, i feel love and miss all the cast so much.i feel like cr(d)yingin my heart right now i feel like ive fallen in love for the first time #dafbama2017_exo #bama2017diamondediton_exo #bama2017 #exo #usai feel the same about you lad.lost a lot of friends over this. god i feel awfuli dunno. i feel that waiting for u is pointlessplease you ask from your agm , com and cpro of ecr railway. i feel very harrash due to train late 55554. call me 9477357099i feel like girls forget they should always be treated like a queen, after a few months or a few years nothing should chani feel so strange not taking care of bella this longi feel like both jones/smalling are essentially playing for their #mufc futures today. the sense is at least one will*deletes over personal tweet but knows at least 50 people saw it so i feel good*not easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #moti want mcdonald's but i feel like i can't get out of bedso freaking hard for me! specially to present school jobs. i feel like everyone is freaking judging me.but i need a place where i can express how do i feeli'm red and i feel so sadas soon as i feel bad energy coming frm u u gtgleft work bc i couldnt breathe and my lungs feel like fire. everyone was mad at me and now i feel guiltywhenever i feel weak, i'll remember those who make me strong, and when i start to doubt myself, i'll remember those whoi feel so weird actually being awake earlyevery time i blink i miss 37287 messages on cengiz army i feel overwhelmedalso... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist
seungri is in malaysia now?! he was literally just in singapore. istg i feel as tho he can blink and just teleport to rand
i feel you. waiting for the day they bless europe i vote for top social artist #btsbbmas
i feel like my biggest downfall is always trying to see the best in everyone. even if they've done wrong by me.
it's sunday and i feel bad i'm not working, job work or personal work. i wanna stop feeling bad
i feel sorry for someone..
people's toxic energy and mindset can reallly <bleep> the <bleep>ing life out of me. i feel drained
my dad's changign the wate rhsoe and reinstalling the sink, so i can't let the ferrets out the way they stare at me in anger i feel fear
i have a degree. you know what i feel like? those skits on the college dropout. #mydegrees ( and i just went back )
i feel like my arms gonna fall off
i feel like i have pcd even if i didn't go to the concert #btswingstourinmanila #btsbbmas
i feel this through the depths of my soul.
the party at last night was amazing but i feel like a zombie today dang it
my mom saw her old elementary school on the list. 1 of my dad's schools is on there too. my pr feelings are 4ver mixed but
slept good af all night baked af! i feel like going to service this morning good morning
i feel like i dunno what's up.
boyyyyyyyy i feel like a new <bleep> when i get my eyebrows done.
jo, i feel sorry for you lovely, your husband is spurs, your dad is a chelski fan, whatever next x
all the years watching you in action i feel i learned from the best!
i feel the same. i would have not been able to keep my mouth shut.
wa ko nag emote,this is just what i feel at the moment
i feel so incomplete.
"i feel, so free. it's like a fantasy. heaven u next to me, suddenly it's magic."
if i had 300k in student loans, i feel like the only option is to fake my death and start my life over.
guess what. i feel like my dad knows that i am broke af last night so he got me a pair of 90s hihi sml
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again
i'm addicted to the way i feel about you when i think about you.
i feel your pain. i tore a disk in my lower back and have been limping around in pain for 2 weeks i hope it eases off for you
lmaoo thats the best description ive ever seen on a drawing, i feel you so hard (also crazy painting omg)
i feel like i'm outta my miiind
i'm sorry if those girls are literally destroying your privacy. i feel bad for them. don't be mad at us, please
i feel so menacing, quack quack. #thebaptist
i'm only 19 and i feel like crap due to all the liquid crap they gave me
i have to work in 15 min but i feel nauseous and my stomach hurts so bad maybe i'll throw up and be sent home
big day for you guys! i just told nikola i feel like she'll overperform but maybe the french will widely reject her, i'm excited!
i feel like i'm in middle/high school moms still dragging me to church!!
i woke up feeling anxious and its bothering me that i feel anxious... ugh
not gonna lie, i feel like <bleep> and will all day.
also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!
can't nobody get smart with my mother but me anybody else get smart i feel like they getting smart with me
i feel horrible , my body hurts so bad
i feel dizzy ya allah i want to study literature
when i saw samuel's face when he saw he's in the 62nd rank, my heart dropped and i feel like crying
i feel bad for some of you females
i feel like i just got kicked in the <bleep>ing throat
i feel like i should get out the house but i really cba walking anywhere why am i so lazy
i feel sorry for myself, for always letting people step all over me, for always letting people treat me like a trash, just b
tweets about how i feel
not easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #mot
me: mom i feel like i'm getting a flu mom: remember the ice cream you ate 20 years back, i told you not to! #africanpar
i feel like i care more than anyone did. it hurts (:
i always throws me off when i see women who don't wear earrings. i feel so awkward and weird when i don't have earrings in lol
i feel so happy no words can't describe how i feel today. thank you bangtan and also, to god and my family. thank you talaga huhuhu
in 2014, i will keep refreshing twitter until i feel whole as a.pevson.
as soon as i feel bad energy coming frm u u gtg
don't let this video of the boys dancing macarena die ... i can't describe the longing i feel #3yearsof1dinbrazil htt
i feel like i just had special k... like i've got it all this evening
how i feel when i look at ur art also
#bbcfootball i feel who ever loses here will not be getting a top 4 finish
i feel you jack irish sun is deadly right now
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't existdamn same i feel you i vote for for the top social artist awards #btsbbmasi feel being mixed u have the pressure of idenetifying with 1 or the other and also being shamed for identifying with 1 mori feel you.. but bron ain't done yeti feel so unbelievably sick rn helpidk why i feel like i want to cry bcz of squad7i feel blessedwhen all your friends cried for iqie but the only one i see is dan omg i feel blessed harhari feel bad for everyone graduating college this month. the real world <bleep>sss.thanks for the help, i feel like such a dummy! :)i just tried cheddar rounds for my first time courtesy of and i feel so enlightened and blessed right now tbhi feel like it's too cold to go for a run ??the words that they say sound passive but seem aggressive. i feel like there should be a term for that. like, 'nicey-mi feel like this journey ends with you not finding it and just drawing it yourselfright i feel like the rules should be the same for both states loli feel likescary part about this summer is that i'll be spending it on coming to a decision regarding post grads and i feel 12 idk how i'll do iti feel like i'm nailing this fat and lazy thing so far this yeari feel weird saying cornrows grew up always saying cainrowyou know that amazing feeling you get when you achieve your own goals? that's almost how amazing i feel everytime i eat ati feel like i've just got 2 close mutuals into a little argument lmao i swear i didn't mean toidk but i feel weird about 13 reasons why season 2i feel you, i feel you deeply! ;w;in all honesty, i feel too bad. so here i am, opening up to one person. the one person that deserves it most.if i had 300k in student loans, i feel like the only option is to fake my death and start my life over.i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #btsbbmas to vote! i feel so blessed today all those selcas bts on topi want to say thank you, one by one of my wonderful friends in the each corner of the globe. i feel honored of your gri feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me againtj gave out picture frames and candy at the end of prom... i feel like fred is gonna be lucky to get waterthanks to peter i feel a strong need to refer to jenna as "jen"at this point i feel like i'm going to college for no reasonsooo i'm really excited to see my b, but i feel like i'm more excited to see the lipstick shade his cousin chose for me.every morning i wake feeling like willard. as the day progresses i become kurtz. when i go to sleep i feel like i am the horror!i feel like spring day was dedicated to me, therefore, i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmasi'm waking up, i feel it in my bonesenough to make my systems blowtasked to be the videographer for today's mos. i feel so fortunate that we interviewed liza soberano. this girl is perfecthere is nothing worse than wasted reading time! i feel for youtired of trying to explain how i feel to youi feel like i should've been had jeezy tattooed on my <bleep> but i'm not crazyi just slept for 16 hours and wow, i feel like a new womani feel like i haven't taken any pictures this weekend and i'm so mad at myselfima stay single til my bday cause i feel like ima be too lit..it's really up therealso... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!when i hear russian people irl i feel like i'm creeping i can understand u &gt;:) but u don't know &gt;:)i'm gonna start changing. i'm gonna leave certain people alone and let them come to me if i feel like they feel obligated to contact me.i feel so <bleep>tyi feel so dumb i thought canelo was fighting alvarezi didn't know it was the same person jose made me feel so stupidi feel like you're speaking my path i've had the chance to witness death and learn from it. #compassionyour bio graduation thing geeeeks me cuz it's exactly how i feel rni feel like i'm turning into a monster i vote for for top social artist at the #bbmas #btsbbmas #btsbbmas eati feel honored to be in the same room with so many of the people who troll facebook feed with their islamophobia #jpost17i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somethini'm sleepy and feel lowkey sad and i feel sick but my coffee's so goodouter body, that's just how i feel when i'm around you shawtyi feel like this is the kind of joke only other it people would get.how do you feel when your brother choose friends over you? that's how i feel.art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! goi feel a little creepy for always liking all of 's tweets but they're so accurate and have me rollinglol girl i feel like you been on your way forever.i feel like i've had to do a lot of explaining recently. whether it's my thoughts,feelings or even tweets. i owe no one an explanation.i feel so sicki feel like doing a lot today so dm me plsi feel like i'm still in my past side--thank you! i feel very proud.
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist
damn same i feel you i vote for for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
i feel good about what i have so far. my own car, no car payments. and it has my company logo on it. i have a good job on the side.
i didn't even get drunk and i feel hungover and i puked my guts out? stupid beer!
i feel ya, brada.
i feel great with tom for icon
i don't know i feel about fury and strife in darksiders. i wish they stuck with original names.
i feel like im annoying oomf
petr cech denies wayne rooney 1v1 and i feel like i'm transported back to 2009
how foolish do i feel. it's perforated. lol. thanks for the prompt reply.
i cant stop waking up early... i feel like <bleep>
wings tour in manila has come to an end. now i feel like crying! i will miss them so much!
mom told me i p much look as bad as i feel
the last person who woke me up while i was sleeping was hospitalized for two months... i feel horrible about it though...
i feel like theyre gonna ruin 13rw with the second season but thats just me
whenever i feel content or happy i always gotta prepare myself for something to hit me cause this feeling doesn't ever last
i feel so left out cause im not watching 13 reasons why
i feel like headliner's the best there is
im too shy to tell you how i feel, and i'm afraid if i ask you "what do you think of me?" your reply will be "i dont."
i just vacuumed my car and i feel like i vacuumed memories there was glitter, straws from medusa drives and even turf from bruce feild
herrera: "the previous seasons here i was happy, but with mourinho i've found the balance and stability. i feel i always ha
i feel like i was okay with their relationship until the most recent episode where it became extremely het and awkward
one single word, action, look can totally change the way i feel about you in .2 seconds
personally in some cases,i feel people who love us the most know us better than we know ourselves
good morning!! i feel refreshed
i feel my glo up in process
i feel like... everything around me isn't real...
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again
i feel attacked
just because i don't show how i feel doesn't mean it's not killing me
i feel so out of place in pta...
what i know is that you, my god are real, no matter what i feel
i feel like nihilism be creepin' sometimes
yea i feel you but i'm not in a facing mood right now lol i have my days
i feel really bad for whoever picked sin cara as their name.
so this is how <bleep>nal fans feel almost every season.... i feel for y'all mehn
i feel young again.
i feel at a disadvantage im not used to being at the shorter end of a compromise
#amjoy gives me hope, when i feel the world is going to hell.
man united are playing for a draw here, i feel like arsenal right now in terms of form are for the taking
yea bc who cares what i feel no? lmao.
for every day, i miss you. for every hour, i need you. for every minute, i feel you. for every second, i want you. forever,
aaron sanchez "very encouraged" by how his bullpen session went today. "i'm pleased with it. i feel we're moving in the right direction."
its almost midnight but i feel like eating 2 plates of lasagna what
i get fine when i woke up at 8, i took a nap and now i feel terribly hungover. derby 143, you win. #butthebourbonwasgood #noregrets
i feel like i don't wanna be bothered and your awareness is way too over compromised.
i feel sorry for myself, for always letting people step all over me, for always letting people treat me like a trash, just b
i feel like el chapo call me blingg guapo
i seriously wanna hug jacob right now like i feel bad for him
ikr!! the not popular trainees have to leave bcs just a lil bit people who recognizes them, i feel sad for them
i feel ya
gonna go again bc i feel sick too ily all i love bts so much let them be safe and let them keep shining #btsbbmas
i feel so bad for people who don't get along with their siblings. they'll never know the definition of a best friend.
goodmorning i feel way better today ;) i'm gonna be super active on all social medias
this deep oneness i feel with everyone is like crack.
i feel like i owe you my therapy co-pay.
i swear i feel like i go to walmart everyday .
i'm s big bell of mess, trust me. watched only two episodes today and i feel so beyond broken now.
i feel lost inside myself . not much just a bit .
i <bleep>ing love this whole album. i'm so happy these songs aren't a secret anymore. i feel mad relieved thank y'all for ev
i feel your pain. my guy has been gone 2.5 weeks and still have another 1.5 left until he gets back
also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't existi really want to talk about how i feel but then i don'ti feel like signing myself in the nut ward i feel so empty right now....i'm lonely depressed and miserable i just want as mjbs "happiness"i feel like seeing sounds is iso's more focused older brotherit's such a rude thing and i feel so bad about it like i shouldn't have even asked to be blockedschool, gym, cages, then gym... grind doesn't stop cause i feel greatwhenever i see videos of college parties i feel thankful i go to shows instead lol.i feel bad for that kid. he must not get enough attention irl. just ignore comments like that. ignorant people.i feel the same way about the word 'succulent' as i do about 'moist' and 'swollen'.but why do i feel like monsta x will do a concert here in ph at august???? omg no please i have classesi saw this i feel so disrespected((((((leonardo)))))) thank yooouuu!!!!! suddenly i feel the need to draw nsfw femme keith wwwand if you are, well then, i guess we've found the enemy. just sharing myself with you all. i feel serenity is not too far off.i feel like he's more tolerable because he's less in focus but he's still. like. badi feel better when i make better musici feel you, waking up this late feels like wasting so much time. but it's sunday so whatever loli feel it coming.i feel excited to vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist because i think they are worth it.i might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.i feel weird saying cornrows grew up always saying cainrowrobert wasn't supposed to see a lot of tweets... uhm i feel embarrassed.. and uh embarrassed.. i'm ded and going back to worksame.. like there's so much i wanna do, but i feel like it wouldn't be as fun to start a channel bc i'm soloi am vote for for #btsbbmas when it comes to our ownselves i feel its better to have an unconditional faith ~it's funny how i made this account to feel less anxious but i feel super annoying instead like can you calm down mei feel sicki don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option, or someone they only run to when they ali vote for #btsbbmas top social artist because i love bts and i feel bts really deservei feel goodgood morning i feel like deathi feel dumb i should've just walked out the house, i knew i was about to flipjust because i don't show how i feel doesn't mean it's not killing methis antibiotic is wiping me out. i feel weak and have no appetite and feel like total <bleep>. i hate taking medication so muchart giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! goi mean i know i'm important but mostly i feel that i don't deserve to be in the same room with beyonce for exampletoday i was pretty sad but i feel a lot better now, but still sad. but at this point a lot better is just my version of happy."i feel this program should be replicated in other campuses in nigeria." -ojo raji #projecte1t1i'm sorry jacob! now i feel bad that i didnt go to your show but i couldn't walk and didnt have the money:( i feel badi feel like i'm on top of the world wtfright thank you... now i feel less of a stupidand your song is on repeat and im dancing on to your heartbeat. and when you're gone i feel incomplete so if u want the truth -i feel like my whole life is one giant leap of faith. i stay taking chances.i feel like i'm never happy anymoredo you like the <bleep>le song baby? i feel it's not fit the concept, i hoped that it is mixed with traditional music tti always feel insecure beside you. even now. because you're perfect in my eyes. maybe because of that i feel a bit uncomfortable with ya.i feel bad for laughing but sjjdhdhdhddo i hv 2stay awake 4 long to see something special.... now i feel it is also useless!!! u cant do dis2me.....#sharicai feel somone's presnce around me all the time. wth is this?so thats why i feel like i could nevet quiti feel like that's what i like would be tom haverford's new jam.yes she is! i was so pissed off just now and i "talked" to her....now i feel so much bettershouldn't have been drinking that much last nigh, i feel sickidek how i feel about 13rw having another season, the ending was so real and good but in the same time i wanna know what happens next ughi feel like <bleep> :)i feel bad for not replying ahmad bc i was washing my mask offff lmao"the pictures that you sent me, they're still living in my phone. i admit i like to see them, i admit i feel alone." #lockbotidk but im bout to crying everytime i listen to outro:wings bcos i feel like they will nt cme to malaysiaif i feel like im geeked over you and you not geeked over me im not gon be geeked nomorespeculation is that louis might drop a collab with that bebe <bleep> the 12th... i dont know how i feel about thatnow i feel so far removedi don't care me and my pals are <bleep>ing hilarious. i feel for people who don't get to listen to our mental convos and enjoyi feel like he's lost...i feel like im tryin 2 be treated like a goofy n ion like iti feel like this should be in needlepoint in some vestry somewhere.i feel a big change coming. god i'm readywhy are all my mutuals 5 years old i feel like a grandmai feel like i'm letting them down on days when i'm too tired to do it then i feel bad and continue on for them
i feel being mixed u have the pressure of idenetifying with 1 or the other and also being shamed for identifying with 1 mor
i feel you
i'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thing
i feel like you do this a lot
i feel like the ground is on fire my clothes are on fire the house is on fire i'm on fire everything around is on fire bc my life is hell
sometimes i feel like i'm beatin' a dead horse
understandable. i feel so bad for you :(
lose u (again) ? i feel bored -,-
i feel so dumb i was always trying to build off the trigger of a gtr which almost always <bleep>ed me over whenever any kind of garbage came
for 6 ffs - free but a follow would be nice - doing this just bc i feel generous lmao - first 30 ((perstaymer
i feel like <bleep> yo
baby you lost me i feel sorry for you .
i am incharge of how i feel and today im choosing happiness. #aldubxdtbycomplicated
a1: i feel sorry for people who dont teach because they miss out on seeing the reality of humanity and the hope for the future. #cwpchat
i feel like i'm on top of the world with your love.
i feel like deleting all social media
i feel half dead but i also want to talk to new friends.
i feel like i'm dying <bleep> a sinus infection
i hate being sick so much i feel horrible im so sad lol
i feel sick
i hate my school so much... i feel like i can't truly be myself there
3 points for arsenal. i feel a little better now *checks arsenal's fixtures, gets uncomfortable again*
just had ramen for the first time. at favorite place. i feel so warm and happy inside lol.
art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! go
i feel like furi's backstory could be very overly angsty oc except she's just so <bleep>ing resilient
how u think i feel binch
i feel horrible ... god help me.
i feel so great today, i'm just trying to send everyone love
i feel like if i went to playlist i'd be all alone
mfs change like the weather, i don't speak on how i feel cause you never know anyone's true intentions w/ you
everybody acting funny and when i feel like you acting funny i distance myself away from you , simple.
when i pray i feel so relieved
i was gonna wave from a boat today and now i feel self-conscious
me falling in love again is dangerous i feel like i done suffered enough
i feel like i should go and do something productive but i also feel like i should just stay in bed all day
i thought we were robbed for what we paid for fellaini. i feel better now
man u realize their the team that's 1-point out, right? i feel like i'm watching the cavs in the middle of january.
i feel sick i shouldnt have ate the fridge im
for not going to middlelands yeah i feel you
it's crazy reading some of the negative reviews of alien: covenant, i feel like they saw a different movie
yeaah. i feel the same way . it's such a <bleep> and a half to put together, clean, and put away
i feel like i'm invisible
y do i feel like the #nshvsstl series winner will make the #stanleycup finals for the western conference?
i feel cleansed
it's weird being on summer break bc i feel like there should be a million and one things i should be doing but there a
at times i feel like everything is slowly fading away
i feel like i have no one to talk to honestly
i feel like he not gonna leave unless they fire him
yup i feel sick
not easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #mot
drinking strip go naked lastnight i feel like i gotta throw up
i feel like my body is in a permanent state of exhaustion
another sunday in waiting..i feel like #riseup dammit #twd
i feel like graduating college would cause immense feelings of nostalgia
i feel like wonder woman would approve. and if wonder woman approves, it's the right thing to do
i feel so happy after watching some bts crack videos lol i decided to vote for #btsbbmas
i feel the dullness in my eyes. i feel my activeness going away. i feel the rhythms of solitude, i feel the melodies
throw your xanax in the trash. drink some put on raining blood and go for a jog. i feel alive !!!!!!!i'm crushing hard on sua rn and now i forget things already like the selca day ahskskddj i feel so badi feel like with controlling people you can't engage.i finally got my hands on a pixel and my life is forever changed, i feel completed.i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.what's happening i don't have a <bleep>ing clue, twitter i feel you broit's crazy reading some of the negative reviews of alien: covenant, i feel like they saw a different moviei feel bad peoples lives n heartache is almost entertainment but i'd be lyini feel ya girlummmmm wtf i feel like there's definitely a subreddit for whatever that person is intoomg i feel so bad i never got to go back to starbucks to pick up my drink i sadno amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feel.sometimes i feel i can only express myself through random acts of violence and caribbean <bleep> dances..honey, today is go to shopping. and i feel kindness. thankyou so much today too. goodnight and i loveyou.i have no objective but to communicate how i feel.i feel like i'm in a harry potter movie / <bleep>e world / mary poppins! thank u to for treating us to a spini feel like things be there waiting for you to buy it because i got the last tripod they had in thanksi wanted to write something today... but radiance was kind of exhausting tbh... i feel tired and like i am too full of feelingstrust me, i feel you. usually teams are in alphabetical order and <bleep>ans take forever to get to. guess pats would too.we are just in the same place with them like for past two hours 6 hours ago and now bangtan is in the airport flying backthis new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.our unbeaten run ends with arsenal lol, i feel sickeveryday, i feel very tired and sleepyi can't control my emotions when i listen to their solo stuff but i cannot deny how proud and happy i feel bc they are doing their thingi feel like my esophagus is going to explodealso imma need the contact info of whoever is laughing cuz nothing about this <bleep> is funnygoing to coast to coast tonight and i feel like i am dressed for some sort of wedding #gottaslayalldayi feel like everybody is getting engaged, i'm just drinking jack daniels and fishing whenever i wantomg must of been hard i feel bad that i don't remember #doryi feel alonei feel like wednesday adamsi feel attackedsometimes i feel so sad fr men, women literally talk trash-sar-dard-baatain, bt thn i realize so do men nd thn feel sorry fri feel violated by u ocean go kysi feel bad for new york. but this is tremendous content.me: logic: im not ashamed to be white, im not ashamed to be black. i feel like it gives me perspective. those are just labelaka i feel loved until i sleep nowi feel so depressed.i like nah i fancy a girl who can rock heels all day errrrrrday it brings out the <bleep>yness in them i feel.i feel it- i also see you a lot in my notifications and you seem nice and i wish we could interact more and i feel like you're so fun to talk towhy do i feel like i need to know if he would like to.. and.. i don't feel right at the same time..cause i know it's not the time yeti feel that veronique should have stayed. they both were amazing but her vocal ability and range was absolutely phenomenali can see the knife on my belt in my shadow and i feel the might of 100 men. #campingi'm not sad or happy i'm just in between. i feel nothing and it's worse than feeling something ;-;i feel really loved right now:')i feel so bad for myselfjust deleted over 600 tweets from this acc. i feel much better about it now, it was getting junkyit was just something that a job agency sent me. i thought why not. now i feel way too much pressurei feel like home! #felizdomingo #sundaymorningi feel informed whenever he tweets anything. if a fire alarm sounds, do you believe?i feel you! i'm sure you look great <bleep>i started a new weights routine today. day 1 focuses on chest arms and now i feel like i have two achy noodles attached to my torsoi feel sick. <bleep> arsenal.i feel so much better because of markthat is so true love! thanks!!! i feel so tired from the hectic past 2 days need to chilli feel like marvel's fcbd offerings in general cater more towards established readers, which seems to defeat the point.i really only get cute when i feel like it.. otherwise i'm bumming itreally debating on going vegan because i feel like absolute <bleep> all the time. i hardly like the taste of meat anymore.why do i feel like basketball is slowly becoming a soap opera like wwe or sum and it all starts w lavar balland i feel like this year is really about, just the year of realizing realizationsnot easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #moti feel like <bleep> for laughingi'm on the edge of starting a different ht like #wewontvotefi feel like our players aren't even taking chances. it's like they're scared totrust me i can't escape idol twitter no matter how hard i try i feel u...130924 ize interview "whenever i feel that i'm lacking in certain ways, i will look at the people who are good at..."hate when i feel like i'm getting sick .i feel pity for you, the almighty god will protect you honourable. you are righteous we all know thatyea like there is a difference between girls and then if i believe you. i feel like stuff on their new alalso... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!oh no!!!! you moany weepy boy i feel so sorry for you...... not! hahahahahai'm a little late to the party but i feel like i'm starting to become a little mix fan. those vocals.
remember how you felt when you found out your crush likes you back? that's how i feel about sleeping in.
i feel u
i feel all alone
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.
sigh. i feel like the odd man out alllll the time lol i never fit into <bleep> aside from my own skin.
i feel like these stories are always fake they're so common tho
i feel sad... wait, i feel pity for him.
i feel so attacked by these really close bts fancams during concerts, i cant even comprehend how the ppl who took them are still alive
i feel the same way. i almost want to check out until they arrive. but that could be months. cases take time to get right.
everybody says i'm busted and blue, i feel better when i don't need that
i feel like i'm the only one that's glad they made that samurai jack episode.
i feel you
i vote for the #btsbbmas top social artist i feel <bleep>ty i didn't vote that much yesterday forgive me for my si
this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.
i feel like all the work . i got a car for my birthday .
i feel like cutting myself again but no.
well i feel like a clown
i feel like conchita wurst...
i can't remember why i feel like this i tried to breathe life into everything too far gone annihilating my being le
we are just in the same place with them like for past two hours 6 hours ago and now bangtan is in the airport flying back
and jenna coleman too like where do i begin????? really really amazing actress made me cry every episode i feel dead inside 100/10
i feel that there is a person inside myself who keeps, cares and loves myself !
i feel like lil yachty 89% percent of the day
if you haven't smoked at least one joint this morning: i don't know what you are doing with your life but i feel sorry for you boo boo..
overall this year is turning out better thank last. i feel the growth. my faith in life is back !
get some good rest husband and i just finished eating brunch, so i feel very energized!
i feel happier when i'm tan
i feel so too
he doesn't show interest in me anymore and i feel really stupid all the time.
so i feel like all you " men are trash " supporting chicks corny and unhappy. that is all.
i feel bad that reagan grant is childish enough to the point that she had to egg my moms car and my moms house
i feel trapped , i'm working this damn warehouse job all day everyday n it feels like life is just passing by , time to make a change
i feel bad cheating on my diet today
me: i feel so fat af i need to exercise. also me: i need a bag of cheetos rn.
why do i feel like rewatching oth instead of writing my 10 page paper
i love weed-eating cause i turn into a spider <bleep>assin. i feel so almighty.
i'm not sure if i should keep my cat-tree membership or not. i feel like one caterday, one caterday, i will go to the cat-tree
i feel great this morning, i'm so happy i only had one drink last night bc cinco de mayo got the best of me!
i feel so gross someone throw me off a cliff
when it's wit u i feel alive
i feel bad for the people that didn't understand that movie get out <bleep> is realer than you think
i feel bad y'all stay in the same place never no upgrade
i feel so bad for the trainees who didn't get to do what they actually specialize in
no he visto 13 reasons why ni sense8, i feel like a paria
i feel like slappin these bengali girls who diss bengali boys on a daily on the tl yet you have non bengalis forever compliment
i feel like remedy got caught in the middle of microsofts misguided leadership at a very wrong time. im really glad they survived that.
time to grow up... i don't know how i feel about the situation
plz dont call anti nationals to your channel.as a viewr i feel shame when pak suporter in ur news hour now.
that's exactly how i feel
these days i feel like i do nothing right
i feel like when you tell a person you just want to "kick it" your setting yourself up for hurt cause that means "be around
arsenal fans celebrate a deflection like they've won the league... i feel sooo bad for you guys.. #arsmun
wow i feel like <bleep>
i can't have no relationships dat make me feel like i feel "broken down"
the drawing is great but i feel like you moved the nose to the right a little too much.
what an honour to recieve such praises . i feel glad and worthy . thank you
i feel like girls forget they should always be treated like a queen, after 4 months or 4 years nothing should change
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
any tips of how to achieve great questioning in the classroom? it is an area i feel i'm still struggling with :(
i feel like i come on twitter to people fighting over what sabrina's best song is at least once a week
at this point in my life i feel like <bleep> u gotta pay me if u wanna see me
because i feel like attacking you
oh my lol i feel bad for this dog but then i don't
i feel bad for everyone hating on hillary/obama saying that trump is the best! the day is coming when he will screw us all over just wait.
i feel you!i feel like my friend literally never sleeps it's like 5am there and he's still awake how is he still alive???i know right. i feel he gave up on the epl top 4 after last week's draw. gats win the europa nowi feel like gordon ramsayi stopped calling ur name..stopped searching ur footprints..yet sumtimes in my soul's dusk of night thru ur cold absence i fei feel like <bleep>i feel you my friend.why do i feel like the last day will be a huge <bleep> of who can bottle it mosthow have you not? lol i feel like he plays it almost every set nowi feel youi feel like the pure money's are gonna have to be my first jordan's purchasethis new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.after this game #arsmun and the last one #mcimun i feel like joining the #mourinhoout band wagon, this defensive game is costing ussorry i couldn't log on tonight! i'm exhausted today but i feel so productive for getting stuff done! have this pic of mesometimes i feel on my own in this arsenal agendame trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.thank god my mama raised me right i feel bad for some of y'allwe are just in the same place with them like for past two hours 6 hours ago and now bangtan is in the airport flying backsomehow i feel like to giveup bila tengok masing2 macamni is it my fault xgeti jaga awk2 semuaso many seem to be blocked by eoin, i feel genuinely left out.every time i randomly think of someone they contact me, so did i feel them about to contact me or did i make em? loli feel like i do have mini anxiety attacks from time to time. i was just talking to my girlfriend about itif i had 300k in student loans, i feel like the only option is to fake my death and start my life over.when i see someone complain about people not replying to their snaps i feel like everyone i know must hate me because i patch everybodies.i feel like one big hit to he head....and he'll never be the same player again or won't have a hockey career anymorei feel him.. i'm 20 tooi feel it comingguys... i feel the need to say this yet again... i do not live on cam... nor do i have no life... if i don't reply to messages / purchases"i feel like the receiving end of two guys one stump" ~ bradley forrestoooh i dont know your name but i feel like thats gonna change you aint gotta be my lover for u to call me babyyi feel so bad jesus gotta go goodnight guysit's finna be a hot <bleep> summer i feel for em"when i seat in my house, i feel nigerians owe me a lot"-@chibuikeamaechi. i opened a gtbank account for us to pay the debti feel so attacked the way he's looking into the camera #justinbbmas htti feel so disconnected to everything and everyone even myselfi feel like the bottoms are dead... <bleep>xxi feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me againi feel so nervous <bleep>in feelingi feel nicki minaj should be confirmed as saint in the church at least for generosity . nigerian celebrities and politwhen i get my feet done i feel brand newi choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejectionwhite haired gerard scares me i feel like if i asked him for a picture he'd spit on me and kick me in the shinjihoon had a solo dance part within their get ugly performance and op couldnt help but cry because she was so proud sob i feeland i feel so segar toosun in the sky, you know how i feelyea i feel you i got a group of ppl i always play withwow a tweet and a text!!! i feel so special. love you so much!!! thanks for being a great friendi am incharge of how i feel and today i am choosing happiness. #aldubxdtbycomplicatedi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel like <bleep>t!so drained i feel like i could sleep for a few dayseveryday i feel myself falling deeper and deeper in love with youi feel like changing the worldthe more i see how nicki interacts w/ us, the less i feel like a fan and more of friend #nickibbmasi feel cute todayi feel like i'm always a second choice lolnot easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #motim already giving my art free and you want something else? i feel sad and kind of insulted.at least i feel freeit's still snowy outside so i feel like i need to quickly get ready and go film some footage for a video! eeeek!dropped my top now i feel fabulousi feel wrong watching this date right now. it's like a xhosa <bleep> and this is the foreplay scene.yea i feel ya.and i lied. i wasn't busy i'm just ignoring your call. maybe i feel like you don't really deserve a response,baby, it's in my veins, i feel it starting to rain i vote for top social artist #btsbbmas bts on top
damn same i feel you i vote for for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
lol 750ml regular sized but i feel you
i have and i feel the mentality is better compared to last season. next season, the team will be well and better structured.
everyones hungover and in <bleep> moods but i feel great
i feel lost inside myself . not much just a bit .
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.
hey what's a good #runner recovery #beer? i feel like #chillaxing in your #beergarden
it's ok, don't hide ur feelings for me i feel the same way :)
this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.
alone is what i feel.
i gave my soul away to the lord today , i feel beyond blessed if you haven't been saved go do it can i get an amen ?
idk man i feel like i had between 7-9 and lost many of them
thank you! i feel like i should have it framed &lt;3
i just tried acid for the first time i feel good
omg how do girls love when their bfs spend like $400 on them?? i feel bad when a dude buys me a water bottle.
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
as i see it, a large part is down to how sharing emotion is seen to be a weakness in us boys. i feel compelled to make cha
i am vote for for #btsbbmas when it comes to our ownselves i feel its better to have an unconditional faith ~
if i had 300k in student loans, i feel like the only option is to fake my death and start my life over.
shaming me for what i feel about that show. for questioning my love for the two just because i don't like the teleserye. why
i feel we've played good football at home but can clearly he thinks we are not good enough to go 50/50 with any of the top 8 teams away
i feel you t!!
lol don't i feel worthless
i feel another solution to this problem
the affair for me i feel should've wrapped with s1.
ahhhh i feel the same way back to the grind
sometimes i feel like i'm sleeping as i'm wide awake doing <bleep>
i feel its horror
some nights, i feel as if i'm a stranger to myself, i don't know who i am and a sudden feeling of loss and despondency overwhelms me
streaming w/ facecam i feel dirty
ok, surely this is illegal and unethical but why do i feel nothing will happen to themsuch utter bull
i feel like god turn me into a stalker. is that biblical? he placed it on my heart.
honestly i feel like siwon always wins #1 ?????
once i finish an intro i feel accomplished, then i can't continue the rest of the paper because i'm too satisfied i actually did something
anytime i feel like cussing someone out or coming at them i tell them to have a blessed day
sorry but i feel like 13 reasons why is going to become the new pll with this season 2 bs. they should've just ended it after
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
like the third time i listen to bts's song, i feel like i wanna vote for the #btsbbmas top social artist award #bbmas
i feel 'nauseated' that #jamescomey is 'nauseous' to the american democratic process. see what i did there?
also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!
i feel so much better now
i feel validated now thank you
my brother is listening to emo music bc he misses his ex lmao, i feel so bad. but the sad music is not helping!!!!!
its <bleep> my feelings but i feel tht.
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i've been working out and i feel like anahis just boosting me :/
i feel it is for best i didn't join them or else i might be the marine science lecturer who tries to save the marine eco.
i have to sit at the lake all day idk how i feel bout this
and i feel you forget me
i slept for 15 hours straight last night. i feel great
the queen of telling someone how i feel and getting rejected
why i feel like the dna never ga win n they wasting money campaigning?
i feel like crap though
i feel like god is testing me.
me: mom i feel like i'm getting a flu mom: remember the ice cream you ate 20 years back, i told you not to! #africanpar
i feel like a second season of 13rw would totally ruin the story
i feel bad for blocking daniel
it's frustrating that i'm so blunt, that people have to stop me from telling someone how i feel.
why did i feel theyre involved in a triangle love lol
maybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i care.
u know wt i feel 2day while watching n #arnav ,u don't hv 2 change yr profession 2 make d change, u can do dis in
the more i get to know the more like i feel like he's actually gengar in human form pranks for daysi am so glad you learned some of the lyrics of some great old tunes. i feel successful as a dadi wish i knew what to do in order to put a stop to all this. i feel helpless.i feel white people already think they better than us.we can't keep doing stupid <bleep> in public and we basically would bei'm having eye surgery tomorrow and i'm so nervous i feel sick please send healing vibeshotel room with the mamacita, i feel sorry for the cleaneri want to reply to my own tweet but accidentally replied to other people holy <bleep> i feel so embarressed ok byeoooi vote for #btsbbmas top social artist award thirty seven, should i feel bad if someone likes me but i don't feehonestly i feel very violated and upset that my foreskin was taken from me before i was able to make the choice for myself.i feel like a <bleep> now but the bay is no joke. like the house next door just sold for $1m. it's tiny loli am also happy that i didn't vote for saffron mass murderers and fascists. even if they win, atleast i feel good aboubeing ignored makes me feel so good about myself ahhahaha what a huge confidence boost hahahaha i feel great not sad ati really wanna go sky diving but at the same time i feel like i'll have an anxiety attack mid jump and pass outlike there's stuff i want to know about and see happen but i feel like a second season of 13 reasons why isn't needed ...i feel blesedtwhat's funny is i wouldna known the difference 21/22. but i feel confident in saying it's worse.i feel like all my tweets are really random or about food. whoops.jimin just told a fan not to cry by tracing tears in his face with his fingers. i feel so blessed to have seen it in my own pair of eyesppl guilty at any point of time will give clarification even if not sought i feel thmonk "charlie will face the consequences of his actions. he is a good lad but i feel he has been badly advised all yeai feel appreciated thank you.i feel sick asf wtfwe are just in the same place with them like for past two hours 6 hours ago and now bangtan is in the airport flying backcan you believe how far j2 have come with jensen singing and jared publicly playing guitar for the first time, i feel ljust got the fade. i feel like dressing up and heading out.i know people should like you for who you are but i feel like i could be better and i'm just not good enough right now...tired of bein broke but i feel like this career gone have me bankini feel sorry for giving up.. but past proves that now no point in trying.. it won't happen.. better luck next time #pehredi feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me againway up i feel blessedart giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! goi feel like all i've done is just drastically reduce the amount of sleep you're getting tonightsorted, dithered gradient with metal i feel like i just passed another milestone in my programming career. #gamedev #iosi feel like a lot people (guys) don't want <bleep>les because they want to do what they want and not feel guilty about doing it!i feel sorry for them the reflect their ugly faces i wish they can reflect nice souls and faces as fans to a nice actorif i'm not eating i feel sickshit so irritating!all week i have been trying to get a good nights sleep and the one night i actually get it i don't feel rested at all, i feel like <bleep>suddenly we get a bunch of bangtan bombs i feel blessed i vote for for the #btsbbmas top socialim conflicted with how i feel about this. i love this show but simultaneously not all audiences can mentally handle the showi feel like come in my life , teach me the lesson gtf .i feel like my neck is brokealmost got all the stains off my car seats i feel like a proud momactually we went to the big tomato yesterday and i had blueberry french toast but i feel like that doesn't counti feel sick.i feel so <bleep>how i feel-kelly clarksonnot easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #motall this time and i feel like nothing was learned...their? you are quick to presume and exclude. hmmm, i feel like that leads to something. i'm originally from louisiana.i feel like i see my co workers more then my own familyi feel so bad for people who don't get along with their siblings. they'll never know the definition of a best friend.definitely sunday because i feel like i've wasted my whole day doing nothingit's so <bleep>ing hot in here i feel tiredi feel horribly late then... january 2017 i vote for the top social artist ai really wish i'm good at telling how i feelmy acne is going out of control i feel so <bleep>tywhenever i see cute couples i feel unworthy to say i want something like that bc im super insecure and sadi'm so impatient but i still wait. i still show love when i feel hate.i feel sorry for these girls that are easily impressed by a car a lil fraud moneyi feel rlly <bleep>ed up todayi feel like god is testing me.i feel stupid, i should've known better than this.you'd think it gets easier but i feel the same kind of sick i did the first timeure so lucky i feel like im so addicted with u koti feel like screamingi'm his favourite person too, i feel blesseddunno what would i feel rni feel sorry for myself, for always letting people step all over me, for always letting people treat me like a trash, just bmfs change like the weather, i don't speak on how i feel cause you never know anyone's true intentions w/ you#gameday! #celtics wizards. game 4, 2-1. it4: "i feel like this is a must win for us" g. green: "we gonna beat th
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist
spent 8 hours planning today and now i feel like i need another weekend
had chipotle for lunch now i feel sick
i feel like the only thing that will keep garbi in this is a typical timea choke.
i feel u
if i feel as though <bleep>s int <bleep> that how i wanna feel .. what happens to me after that is my business
when says sura yako muzuri mamaa in the sura yako remix wth feel lyk he is talkin to me then when t
i feel so damn alone
"she's just tremendous fun. [...] i feel very blessed to have ended up with a wonderful scene partner." - sean on lana.
i feel so alone, i wish someone understood
2008. except for the times where i feel way too much.
lrt there were only few songs that i dont recognise and i feel proud?? i love bigbang
i feel blessed after going to church today
i just got a full-time nannying job i feel like i just became a mother of three within an hour
i feel sick all the time. will general malaise be a pre-existing condition?
i feel like i just gave andrea so much info
i feel like some <bleep>s get dumber by the day regardless if they in school or not ..
not only did it make me laugh, you legendary genius - it also delighted me to know you heard that bit! i feel for you!
this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.
i feel like your feelin' ain't mutual
i feel like i'm obtaining a trap fetish but im not not not ga
i've only got two phantom monitors. i feel cheated.
i feel like i'm already a steel after i finish this semester. this is the most challenging so far.
just saw a sign that said now entering abraham lincoln, and now i feel very uncomfortable.
thank you all for supporting my art. i can't begin to express to you have grateful i am. tonight i feel such a deep apprec
i dnt know about u but i feel like pascal needed some more time with before considering to partway made him.
the difference between cinco de mayo and every other day is i feel less self-loathing after eating mexican food 3 meals in a
i miss you so much and it hurts. but when i think of all our memories together, i feel blessed
goodness he was i feel so alive my ted feels
i feel bad for people who have inconsolable newborns. avery was so easy.
sometimes i feel we should have used fidel's model and have them break their backs in the cane fields so they would appreciate comfort...
i feel like being affectionate today
i feel like i'm out of my mind it feels like my life ain't mine
today's service in church was so great. i feel the pastor was literally speaking to me
i feel like i gained 20 pounds and i leave for siesta key in 3 days.
i feel like the yellow bird from the angry birds movie speaks to me on a spiritual level like if i was a bird i'd be that bird
i feel we're close enough~
i'm 99.9% positive i should be washing my hair now. but this nap i feel coming on is gonna win.
my tl is gonna be filled with lots of cs wedding videos and gifs tomorrow i feel so blessed right now can't wait to cry and die tomorrow
i purposefully started growing out my patchy beard a few weeks ago so i could accurately portray how i feel during finals week.
i feel like i got hit by a goddamn train
i feel so bad for my brother. my parents are <bleep>ing garbage and don't take care of him.
i pop out when i feel like it, i don't do it everyday
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
i feel like the list would be shorter if it were people they don't hate.
i feel that tonight, i should probably do a night shift at the library.
i feel like fighting my bd sometimes. he stay playin when i'm hella hungry in the morning.
i feel like i've perfected the art of oatmeal
i feel like i need to know everything about the person who did this.
every day legit becomes more beautiful than the one before. my heart is so big in my chest, i feel i am actually just o
i feel like i don't belong here. i wonder why?
i hate being ignored. i feel so pathetic trying to get your attention.
i feel so lost. like i'm in this dark pit of loneliness and i just keep digging myself deeper. lord please help me through
all this cs baby talking at toronto con y'all i feel so attacked
not easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #mot
we are just in the same place with them like for past two hours 6 hours ago and now bangtan is in the airport flying back
i feel like you should always put that in, but as "my skills and experience will add value to your business."
when will we see you again? the very #sexy in need of chocolate i feel!
i feel like 23
u know i still cant believe i was blessed by jhope's?? holy water like everything happened so suddenly. i feel like a whole
superb!! i feel like that today!
i'm with this <bleep> and i feel free she don't demand of me for much
i feel like doing a lot today so dm me pls
everytime i feel like i make a new friend, they stab me in the back.
i feel like absolute death and i swear i only get sick at the most inconvenient times possible
i feel exactly the same. and actually quite lonely.i feel like no matter what i buy my mom it's not enough because i owe her the world morei feel like this is a "let's talk to your man instead of tweeting it" type-o'-momenti feel you porque no le he dado play y estoy "hello my name is loca and i'm a special pug"as someone who gave time, energy, money to this movement, lied to parents to be a part of this, i feel so cheated. ego ruif i feel this way, i can't even imagine how the english feel.i feel so <bleep>ing <bleep>. i just dont want this anymore, i need it to stop. i cant fight it.given the narrator's pleas to not let bill die i feel it speaks to our desire for art to never end - which makes sense given each "chapter"i feel like this is just the beginningi can't even describe the way i feel when it comes to my baby boy. my first love, always gonna be my #1.don't know how i feel about not being able to sleep tonightwhen i watch your videos of rappers freestyling or even talking. i watch your face i feel you are so judgemental and unfair.so then i feel guilty and then proceed to do whatever it is for free and i'm. tired of it. i make money off my art bc it's my professionthis new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.the trivia track gets really mean and wrong at the end. i feel so betrayed.i feel like <bleep> lollike the third time i listen to bts's song, i feel like i wanna vote for the #btsbbmas top social artist award #bbmasafter months of scamming samples of sunday riley, i finally bought a bottle of luna and good genes. i feel like a very richi might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.i am vote for for #btsbbmas when it comes to our ownselves i feel its better to have an unconditional faith ~i feel it gone, but with it went my attachment to it. always thankful for these little lessons. everything happens exactly as it should."i feel like sean don't get enough shine is it cause he don't got any tattoos? ain'tright!!!! i feel like i'm cheating oni feel like zayn is getting shorter, or the rest of the boys are getting really taller!!guys don't realize how amazing prom makes girls feel, i'm literally sitting in my dress on the couch for no reason except tht i feel prettyand i feel like this was the case with dash and retchi feel your paini feel like <bleep>sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.i feel so siiiiicksince i'm already home i guess i'll take a nap or smth. i hate naps but i feel tired bc of those pillsi feel like everytime i go to the king buffet it's always someone's birthdayi feel bad for going mia on people but oh welli feel like buying dark liquid lipsticksi feel pretty good in social situations nowadays but there will always be days where my mind just keeps telling me, "you are a worthlessi feel kind of silly asking, but brain tells me i have to... is this real?they need 2 move on do other one's, i feel like we already know his storyif i feel so much over it then how come i can jst die cos its like thatsometimes i feel bad for being the crazy ex but then again i'm like nah that's still my boy and you'll get cussed outso yeah i'm still voting for bts but we're going to have a new president here in france tonight i'm not sure how i feeli feel guiltyidk how i feel about a second season of 13 reasons whyas (yes, still) a member of the i feel obliged to add: get with the program andif you don't have a best friend that will dance with you in the back of an uber than i feel bad for youi feel like it's always been like that but i just noticed today that it might be something out of the ordinaryima sip until i feel itokay now i feel a bit betteri feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel like whenever i drive anywhere the back of my car fills randomly with blank 8.511" sheets of paper, which proceed to fly everywherei'm just a time filler in the long run lmao, i feel iti feel like everytime i watch #eromangasensei i can just hear the sirenz on thier way to come get mei feel like i owe you an apology for always asking for them for free tbhi feel so empty insideyer bud keepers should not be saving pens full stop but it was a great save i feel for millyi feel illi feel like doing a lot today so dm me plsi feel like disappearing for a while pls nd thank ui feel bad for anybody who has to guard me on the court bc i'm taking livesi feel some type of way about this.i feel stupid, i should've known better than this.i feel like my man should trust me smoking w/ dudes but at the same time if he was smoking w/ a bunch of <bleep>es...i feel like such a <bleep>y beast after i workout. i be exhausted sweaty--but i be fine too so ayeeeeee.i just pray i marry a man that be my strength when i feel like giving upbecause i feel it was more a fantasy world then ! reality <bleep>s man.thanks to for running a story about my situation. i feel like hiding in a corner in utter embarrassment.i feel so sicki feel sorry for all of my facebook friends because i just keep posting pictures of promi refuse to keep correcting somebody actions if i already told them how i feel about it and they continue doing it.we gotta get better communion wafers. i feel like the body of christ should at least be a pita chip with a hint of garllast ever monday morning at school tomorrow, i've been hating them since the age of 4 but now i feel sentimental about themi feel for the team as they have played most times as well as the ref. has let them. we have too much skill for relegation.i feel the fire....
i feel so bad for treating you like that i apologize
summer kinda stresses me out because i feel like i have to be doing something fun at all hours or else i'm wasting summer
i feel like dear white people was shaded by thirteen reasons why and it makes me so mad
i feel like eating tres leches cake ice cream from lick at the pearl :( i miss rafael
i feel like jessica jones is always??? wearing the same outfit???
a guy in an alley told me i was gorgeous so i feel good about myself today.
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.
i know i feel your pain.
you know i feel no shame
even surrounded by friends and family, i feel invisible.
no it's how i feel every transfer window
always think i'm getting somewhere with learning korean but then 5 minutes later i feel like my head is exploding it's so difficult
i feel sorry for you because you're painfully stupid if you think le pen was a better candidate
finally changed my layout :') i feel like a new person
yoongi, i feel you about losing weight cause i'm losing weight too! i spent almost 10 months to lose 29 kgs and it's really hard!
i feel so alive, it wasn't always like this.
i feel so drained nd exhausted i could cry lmao
this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.
i feel embarrassed in the manner united just lost to them.
this so humiliating being inter i feel so stupid today so much
i feel like everyone has an aunt mary
and like i feel like they hate me so much for supporting corbyn and a labour left renewal they'd rather i was dead
i feel mildly less awful but i have the shakes and can't keep anything but liquids down and even those i have to drink slowly
i feel like i've said this before but... who else feels like those art-stealing rp accounts are all the same person? anyone?
this entire article is like a dream come true tbh. like i feel like the past five years of my life have been leading up t
i'm just drinking water for the time being, but i feel a little better now! thank you so much for your kindness ;v;
not sure how i feel about there being a second #13reasonswhy season...
wtf is ha minho drama oh my god i feel so dumb rn and is there any woojin preview????
you know how uncomfortable i feel being in an environment like that yet you don't care to do anything about it
me: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel better
i feel like even if i wanted to vote liberal i'd vote against her just to wipe that smug look off her face
idk where to apply to now, since i've been rejected. i feel so stagnant, so stuck, so ugh.
and i feel something so right doing the wrong thing
wow food poisoning is the best 10/10 i feel greet!!!!1!1!1!
i hope i don't become an overprotective mother over my son bc i feel like i will lol.
i feel like i will delete all these tweets tommorow. but today, let me be great
i feel like i've learned more about myself in my first year of college then i learned in my four years of high-school
i feel like this is right up your alley
mfs change like the weather, i don't speak on how i feel cause you never know anyone's true intentions w/ you
now i feel bad for fp #riverdaleep12
i feel trapped in dis life
guilt she's still hung on will. i feel like she's the only one who didn't get that will would've wanted her to move
i feel pity for all the french patriots out there.
so yeah i'm still voting for bts but we're going to have a new president here in france tonight i'm not sure how i feel
some days, i feel everything at once. other days, i feel nothing at all. i don't know what's worse.
i feel old. at the same time his wife is the same age as my dad so maybe there is hope for me yet
i feel like <bleep> today
i feel numb now this sht is so fcking repetitive
+ "better" but the poor will suffer with him and i feel helpless...
no one will understand how i feel about you.
i feel like a <bleep> and i don't even think i did anything wrong. i just feel like i'm losing everything when i know i'm not.
analyzing two research papers and the two authors keep referencing each other i feel like i'm third wheeling right now
i feel so much better knowing i'm not alone
when i get my eyebrows done i feel like a whole new person
i barely vote here and i feel bad... i need to start becoming more dedicated and up to voting!! #btsbbmas
i feel like if were winnie the pooh characters, hobi would be tigger and yoongi would be eeyore. #btsbbmas
lol chef edwin in the kitchen and my ole miss making crab and rice. lol i feel loved
i feel ya
not easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #mot
i didn't follow the french elections . i feel so lost .
sometimes i feel like i be texting back too fast.
i feel like i watching the dark knight to see if it was better than the first avengers movie #bothweregreat
now playing #carole king i feel the earth move on maxmusicmix!
i feel like rock 'n' roll dad right now. jammin ac/dc well at work.
i feel like the entirety of play season was just vague puns about death
i feel jealous of him :(
if aliens aren't real, then why can i feel them in my heart?
i feel like god is testing me.just got home from kick-ons and i feel like i could've gone a lot harder than i did. got up $200 though cheeeeeerini feel refreshedsome acc with bunch of posts with huge <bleep>s just followed me i feel violatedi feel white people already think they better than us.we can't keep doing stupid <bleep> in public and we basically would bei don't know why but lately i've been having the craziest dreams and i feel like it's from watching snap stories right before bed"she's just tremendous fun. [...] i feel very blessed to have ended up with a wonderful scene partner." - sean on lana.i feel attacked #uglygangif i go to the doctor and they don't give me hard drugs i feel like i failed.i feel like i can be more open with a personali have a niece now i feel bad for the future men who dare to <bleep> with her. i will take pride in being that uncle. htti feel like i'm just heremy phone just tried to autocorrect "i'm literally fine" to "i'm literally done" and i feel like that a great description of who i am.i feel like if my dog is in the car with me i should be able to drive in the carpool lane."so do i. so...what happened? i feel like i've got a hangover and got hit by a bus...and i'm not sure in what order."listen ik i made it an option but isnt frostedkookies ?? cringey ?? like idk i feel like i should change but yall want me to stay soi feel the exact same way... it's trashy but its also just fun to watchif i feel like i'm bringin u down, cut offi feel that nobody deserves me more than me.i feel like i spend half of my life hungover and half of my life drunki've never had a numbers tweet so i feel ur paini feel your pain.lol i feel like i should start watching themi feel bad that it's 7000th game and the mets can't strike anyone out...if you don't have a libra in your life i feel sorry for youi feel so free when you're with me, babyi feel cute as <bleep>everytime i read or listen it i feel something new and refreshing awesome linesi feel happier when i'm tani feel like rage is giving me a seizure. can i call authorities?art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! gosometimes i need that extra energy but man i feel weird afterain't here just for the cali trees , <bleep> i feel like 2pac"i already said when i feel disrespected i become disrespectful sofinally listened to sleepwalker and now i've heard t wo btr boys say <bleep> i feel so alivenot being asked out after all but coming upstairs to my own room is always where i feel safe and secure unless i'm with other people!i feel annoyed and i want to go home.sometimes i feel like neptune enjoys herself at my expense. #casshern #boti feel like i've gotten to explore myself, my <bleep>uality and gender through a fun a creative outlet that's just really empowering.i feel accomplished when i reach the error screen on the website i vote for for top social artist #btsbbmasi feel the sickness coming smhi feel like i'm missing out on so much cause i can't heal...i feel like coming home and being in employed is really going to benefit nia's social life xi feel like i'm guaranteed 5 legendaries nowthis is something i feel so hard, because it's as simple as "if you wanna change the system, you have to enter the system"idk i feel like once i've started working with the horses longer i'll be able to lower my citalopram dose or just stop it all togetherman stop trippin on everything and enjoy your life.fuck all the extra <bleep> just live. this is how i feel like everyday, ii feel so much betteri feel like i'm gonna pass out or die or bothhad an insane workout yesterday and now i feel like i've been beat upi feel like i'm a pregnant woman who's coming towards the end of their pregnancy and just wants it to be over with... #uniworkisloooongwhen im with you, i feel safe from the thing that hurt me inside , even if you were the reason..lol i feel u on mike evans tho the field really opens up for him with and drafting ahliei think kodak black is my favorite rapper right now and i feel stupid for saying thati feel the joy of the simplest and deepest things .i feel like i remember him being awful at the end of the season? surprising serviceable in the beginning, though.i feel like kicking someone in the nuts! &lt;3i'm afraid to open up because i feel like you'll think i'm damaged goodsi feel like doing a raffle so retweet to enter (must be following) winner gets a full colored waist up drawing of themslol i feel youif aliens aren't real, then why can i feel them in my heart?i feel like this has been said to me before... lmao it wasn't true. but it was saidalso... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!when i feel down i listen to john mayer! when i'm happy i listen to john mayer!
i feel like whoever created cereal needs a gold medal or something
i feel somewhat better
i feel really bad for france. #francedecides #vote
i get a huge cross section of opinion from the people i follow, i feel it's probably my favorite thing, however, i don't get one thing.
i feel faint. don't stop...
my life is highly unfair i feel like i'm playing a game on the hardest difficulty
i feel that <bleep> everyday. what i'm saying sounds simple but if you know the feeling, you know it gets deeper than words...
i feel in love with france watching casablanca how they sang the marseille in ricks cafe right in front of the occupying nazis!
i feel like i won't be able to do anything without e.l.f. -sungmin
i feel weird saying cornrows grew up always saying cainrow
if i'm not hurting myself, i am hurting everyone around me and there's nothing i can do about it. i feel so broken
sometimes i don't feel confident in my drawings but then i remember that younger me would be amazed by my drawings tod
i love my job so much but i feel like i've been missing out on so much bc of work and it's emotionally exhausting
i feel that mrs u-turn has already dropped the mic invoking article 50 then calling election.
i know my eyes be bloody red but <bleep> i feel amazin
im too shy to tell you how i feel, and i'm afraid if i ask you "what do you think of me?" your reply will be "i dont."
i feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist award
she's gotten so big! i feel like you just had her
i feel so <bleep>ing <bleep>ty
i feel white people already think they better than us.we can't keep doing stupid <bleep> in public and we basically would be
so many people asking me where i'm going after graduation, i feel like i should hold a press conference to tell everyone
i feel left out because and have a bond over olives.
ahhhh still can't decide how i feel about that
i feel so good to be back
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! go
.@nicolechoo_ i feel you
i feel so helpless, i'm sorry i can't do anything :,(
every 6lack song explains how i feel. damn
scared. going back into endless flip-flopping (i feel fine/i feel desperate, i want to be home/i need a bed, i love life/i want to end it).
i feel like complete <bleep> in every way
.@bts_twt i feel like cryingg everytime i see photos and videos of yours i am so jealousss
i'm tired of dealing with <bleep>s who don't care about how i feel
seokjins so cute n soft n he gets scared by confetti but at the same time i feel like he can knock someones teeth in for disr
i feel a bit relieved that i wrote that
is so adorable in this pic i feel like i'm having a heart attack hope to see the hd soon amazing photo by
i need to study history and latin but i feel so unmotivated
they might be tied but idk i feel like i love yj slightly more hmmm
also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!
my new favorite song. i feel like making love
wow i feel appreciate
i feel heartbreaked..... i <bleep>ing love you!!... i always try to show you how much i do!
i pushed myself super hard on my leg workout today. i feel like i can valk 6a people in real life...
i feel like gets judged 4 the type of music she writes but she's out here paying tuitions and legit helping her supporters
my neck getting fat y'all know how i feel about my neck being fat
i feel for the french patriots, the globalist socialists that voted macron get used to the continued i
what's your opinion on season 2 of 13rw??!! like the story happened...idek how i feel about it
i feel so fat
i feel so bad for white ppl thinking fadi's is actually good
i feeli feel like at this point in time facebook is a "who can sound smarter" competition where most people get their info from ghahahaha oh yeaaa and i was like what's a cornerstone now i feel like reading back our old messagesi feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.i was never a one direction or a justin bieber fan and y'all were wild i feel like i missed outi feel ya man but i owe it to my step dad to try.i feel like maybe france gave russia the finger, and i'd be lying if i said i didn't love that.breathing. i mean. but i feel bad now cause i've changed from me a few seconds agolike i feel like... idk they could have done better with the build up. it was just a little weird for me but. i think jashi's sorta cutei feel so bad man. like really badi feel bad for the la that try to keep up with my life ...i feel like i been hit by a busi feel like she should be celebrating 50"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i won't tell you because you wouldn't care how i feei love my friends, my family, my job (most of the time), myself, my environment. i feel so blessed.i feel like goldi feel everyone should be building their own world and own image . it's important now a days. be unique be yourself . authenticity isi feel like everyone hates me, and that's okay because i hate myself too.i feel violated when people save snapchat conversationsneels just followrd me@i feel blessedi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel like writing but not ff19 ah, i feel like ive gone crazy, crazy lately i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmasif i had 300k in student loans, i feel like the only option is to fake my death and start my life over.i feel like i'm going to cry after playing the demoowww i feel this so muchi feel in love again after 3months singleaye my body coming together nice i feel very accomplished, now if my <bleep> would just get bigger loltoday is the first day that i have ever had foundation or fake lashes on. i feel so fancy!i feel good knowing i did my parti feel like majority of <bleep>es out there have plan b <bleep>s. like they stay in touch with a <bleep> just in case they man slip up one dayi feel like capital steezi feel like i've been hit by a semi, twicei feel cute as <bleep>sometimes i feel like i'm sleeping as i'm wide awake doing <bleep>i feel like only time and patience on both parts can tell. find out who sticks around after you going through somethingi feel this. but probably more for the casual racism.i feel thisi feel it too much tho hahaha i'm so excited for the video today argh!! #smilesunday #myon top of that i feel bad all my selfies are in a car smh it's like that's always where i'm atalso... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!i just dabbed to skrillex, i feel like an actual 12 year old.iono we be so dramatic i feel like a relationship gives us permission to get mad over stupid stuff loli feel like i always try to end things w dignity but then i see so many options to say things uncultured and man.... temptationmichael and britney were seriously the most perfect couple i have ever messed with.. i feel like killing myself because i broke them apart.i feel so good after a work outwill leave on my terms, when i feel i want to leave". i agree.i feel for the french patriots, the globalist socialists that voted macron get used to the continued ii hardly ever go to get my nails done. i did today and i feel like a new woman! #girlday #nailsi like to come here when i feel emptybut i feel these contradicting emotions to their extremes. idk which one is really "me", but fighting it to appear normal istrying my hardest not to act how i feelme: mom i feel like i'm getting a flu mom: remember the ice cream you ate 20 years back, i told you not to! #africanpardude what the <bleep> i feel is having a nice dayi feel like i've been hit by a trucki feel like i only have 3 real friends. too many fakesi feel thatwe gotta get better communion wafers. i feel like the body of christ should at least be a pita chip with a hint of garli feel u babei feel pointless
selfish by: pnb rock i feel like many people driving past me have seen me singing my heart out to the chorus of this so
i feel guilty everytime you say you miss me.
i feel u
i feel like my grandpa is going to walk through the door at any minute, but simultaneously know that's wishful thinking
'do you speak english?' asks the beleaguered tourist. i feel a bit bad for replying 'nem', but bed beckons
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.
literally lost 4 friends last year...st louis getting to be too much for me . i feel u girl
i feel so disconnected
its raining on my way to work and i feel so blessed it never rains here
i feel you jesus
my aunt just removed our netflix subscription. i feel betrayed.
where i stay at we need our on filter a i feel bruh
this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.
i feel so sorry for some of these mens friends and family. they really attached to losers
i feel so relieved wow and this weekend is gonna be so good \( ` )/.
i was eating pizza rolls while watching it so imagine how i feel
i feel like my big is mad at me
"i don't nap cause i'm tired i nap because i hate my life" yup i feel tht
i feel like my whole life has been a lie lmao
high school was a good experience but if ur not ready to graduate n start the next part of ur life i feel bad for u
i am vote for for #btsbbmas when it comes to our ownselves i feel its better to have an unconditional faith ~
i feel like <bleep>
i feel like this isn't true.
i feel violated when people save snapchat conversations
if he does leave, then i feel like we should probably rebuild this summer. i think.
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again
i legit only spend so much time with ohya because she gives me charm and i need that for makoto i feel liek a horrible man
anxiety is killing me today. i feel so isolated and i know i'm doing it to myself
huge pet peeve of mine is when people touch my radio/air/heat in my car... i feel like excuse me if you don't like it you can gtfo my car
everytime i go to mainland europe i feel like i'm in taken or something; like my life is in serious danger.
it's finna be a hot <bleep> summer i feel for em
when am i getting my glasses, i feel like i'm getting a little more blind from day to day
i feel sick why do you have that
finally got some new converse, i feel myself again
i got jokes for days tho i feel like jerry
i feel like crying from exhaustion. 2 non-stop hard-core research and <bleep>ignment writing. level 2 stls complete
i feel your pain my friend
oh dear i feel for #france - the place will become even more of <bleep> hole now that the isis / criminal migrant loving #macron has won
also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!
this went from fake salty 2 hella wholesome i feel loved
i feel like you shouldn't be eating at all...let alone grabbing seconds
nobody knows the pain i feel
u know how i feel about minho and his aesthetic: i'm like yassss. also that list is a flop lmao
i feel blessed tbh
1: what about the freaks? 2: be more specific 1: rock 'n roll freaks 2: i feel like we're missing some freaks 1: <bleep>o freak
i feel like you're my big sister
i feel bad for you because of the work you put into this and to not get treated nicely during it
i feel like you should be siblings with akmu you're so adorable
i feel like i'm in the presence of dwight from rhoa. this man is hilarious
"noona is my mvp people are envious and i feel great always the center of her gaze." justin, replay #101 #produce1
i feel bad for females who stay wit dudes who rob em of their youth. if ur man dont let u go out n enjoy ur time he aint a
same here. i feel old tho
by the way, i feel like i've typed "they're booing jayson werth at citizens bank park after he homered" a lot in the las
i feel for you brotato. #feelsbadman :(
i feel like i'd be that teacher the kids would secretly gossip about behind my back.
i feel so sickkkkkwhenever i see videos of college parties i feel thankful i go to shows instead lol.i just got called "lil boo"... i feel disrespected, females always want to take my young age for grantedidk why but sometimes i feel really old lolit's effin hard. i feel like quitting anytime.i feel white people already think they better than us.we can't keep doing stupid <bleep> in public and we basically would bewith another little laugh, steve blushes and nuzzles tony's forehead. "i dunno. i feel cold a lotta the time."hahaah! i feel you ...i feel like going cold turkey on someone and no communication is the best to get over it.i haven't had a real description in any of my social media bios in like years i feel like it's time to change thati feel so bad for shawn and his family, why would you even do thathaven't been on twitter all day and i feel like i have missed a lot.i feel bad for people who don't enjoy going to sporting events or school dances during high school, you only get this expewhy do i feel like namjoon have not been posting photos when he just did..when will i ever be gratefuli accidentally slept for like way too long and i feel...... weird.that's a 90's dos game with live action cutscenes that takes place in space i feel like these covers are lying"i'm trying my hardest to not act how i feel"i feel like rolling loud was the best music festival/ concert w the best lineup of the year fri feel bad as <bleep> god i want to kmsjust painted my nails for the first time in months i feel cutei might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.i feel like doing a lot today so dm me plsi feel cute as <bleep>when i feel like a #workinprogress, it helps to remember how beautiful #wip #photo s are. #wipwed #bodypainit's my cheer-up show :-) whenever i feel down, it makes me smile.i feel like burn infant burn isn't quite appropriatei don't mind seeing films in imax 3d but i feel every movie isn't worth it.i feel like i'm dying im so sicki feel thismother's day is hard bc i feel like a few gifts doesn't make up for everything that my mom does and has sacrificed fori feel so bad iichanged my layout its not black im shook i feel like a different personi feel like a winner by #trump being our potus, i feel like france just lost huge!suddenly we get a bunch of bangtan bombs i feel blessed i vote for for the #btsbbmas top sociali feel cheatedi feel like i need to watch gossip girl againi feel like a wet socki was planning to stream today but i ended up covering an 8hr shift, so we'll see how i feel after i get offthis is the greatest thing that has ever happened to me. i feel like an actually internet person on youtube now.are they scary movies? i feel like that's why i never saw them, but maybe i'm wrong.jihoon had a solo dance part within their get ugly performance and op couldnt help but cry because she was so proud sob i feelwhenever i move a plant pot in the garden i feel like i'm the insect fbi busting an illegal woodlouse drinking den.like or for 10 ffs bc i feel like being nicei feel so used lol its cuz i'm just yall buzzy bourne excelsiors bourne fonoiii feel like i did something wrong if you feel down to that extent. raise your head i'm not mad. children are best when ti feel like armys are super tired of voting cus i don't see many active now i am voting for for top social artist #btsbbmasi feel horrible in case you guys were wonderingi'm afraid to tell you how i feel because it might just mean nothing to you.this girl is such a pretty <bleep> and i feel like we'd get a long so welli love when i feel amazing after a workout. and i love that i took my <bleep> to the gym today.i feel like a bricki do this on the reg estee i feel yai've been on the low i been taking my time i feel like i'm out of my mind it feel like my life ain't mineme! oh wow i feel oldnot easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #moti feel bad for ppl in this school that never meet jon snyderplease can people this. im not usual a like whore but i feel people need to hear thisi feel personally offended when people aren't as mesmerized with the sunset as i ami didn't do my run today. i feel exhausted and ache all over from circuits on friday and kettlercise yesterday. tomorrow is a new daysometimes when i tell people i rap i feel like b-rad off of malibu's most wanteddang i feel uglyi feel like i need to drink some french wine tonight to celebratealso... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!i feel like you are trying to convince other people that you are happy at the same time as you are trying to make me envy your lifedo u kno what i feel for them when they cry on stage? i vote for top social artist #btsbbmas
wants me to design him a tattoo for him and his bro i feel so honored
whenever i feel weak, i'll remember those who made me strong. whenever i start to doubt myself, i'll remember who believ
i feel soooo creepy waiting right near the front door for the deliveroo person
i feel so depressed need my happy pills
i feel you. but in n out is too bomb
i feel like i'm outta my mind
then in a while i think about how mysterious the internet i feel like its self improvement stuff tho so
hilarious! i feel the same debating with a brain washed mind! toodle ooh!
i feel you man it's bs
i feel as though the world of inception would benefit from fidget spinners, theyd make great totems.
i have a niece now i feel bad for the future men who dare to <bleep> with her. i will take pride in being that uncle. htt
wife: you drank too much last night. me: nonsense. i feel great. wife: stand up. me: maybe tomorrow.
i feel old.
this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.
nothing annoys me more than when i'm being real with someone, actually expressing how i feel, and they down play it like
bwhahaa...i feel blocked already. :d
lmao i would end up skipping most of those. i feel like i got thrown back into the 2000s when everyone wrote in a cringy way
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
i might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.
i had some me time today. i feel rejuvenated! now im waiting for my babies to wake up so i can do their hair
i feel like i have often walked down this street before
ikr he rarely gets good art i feel blessed
i feel like doing a lot today so dm me pls
i wish i was a lightweight but i feel perfectly fine and i finished it all rip
i feel so freaking good
i feel like my aging is accelerating. my face looks oooold. which one of you <bleep>holes is stealing my life force?
i just cleaned out a <bleep> ton of my old clothes and i feel like it accomplished nothing theres just too much i dont want it anymore
that's why i don't need a gf, a fun girl will due on my off days or when i feel like interacting with people
this lady just kissed me on down my neck at work cause i helped her get a credit of like $200 bucks. don't know how i feel about it
i feel bad for france. allow their country to be overrun with violent islamists. at least le pen won't play the blame game like hillary.
he's like "i'm just gonna take you off social media bc i feel stupid for trying" good
anxiety has been a <bleep> lately. i feel you.
*wink wonk* haha but yeah i feel you soooo much. frame is goals
tasked to be the videographer for today's mos. i feel so fortunate that we interviewed liza soberano. this girl is perfec
i don't know how i feel about a season 2 of 13 reasons why
ash: i feel like i only see shoji beaten up anymore
some conversations are uncomfortable yet necessary . ion hate nobody but i feel we all need to understand one another a li
i feel like i'm dumb in situations and i can't get off it
i feel like taking a nap
no funny <bleep> it's really ova for <bleep>s. every time i level up i feel closer to achieving the vision.
and i told her about it i felt like such an <bleep>hole but she said it was okay but i feel like she hates me now she was lowkey shading me
like or for 10 ffs bc i feel like being nice
me : "i feel so sad and emotionally drained i dont think i can go to school today" a neurotypical: i feel so sad and emotino
don't let this video of the boys dancing macarena die ... i can't describe the longing i feel #3yearsof1dinbrazil htt
and now i feel the need to ask how many non edible tarts you've tried this edible one looks amazing though.
but if you see what i see, if you feel as i feel, and if you would seek as i seek, then i ask you to stand beside me, ...
actually i feel dead i need sleep
also, what's your party level right now? i feel super underleveled
i feel like you liked being called that
i feel really <bleep>ty again. yesterday was nice :/
dang i feel ugly
i feel u bro blind eye mista
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
i feel like i've been 'rediscovered' at suntrust park - however, i'm still doing the same things i've done for the last
why are the allergies so aggressive this year? i feel like all the plants are angry at me for some reason.
everything hurts i feel horrible
i work whenever tf i feel like it really
but i feel like a storm is coming
13 reasons why got renewed for a second season? idk how i feel about that...
i feel <bleep>ing terrible
even though i'm back to doing homework, i feel so happy right now.
i feel a bit sick reading about #leechtherapy makes my skin crawlsummer kinda stresses me out because i feel like i have to be doing something fun at all hours or else i'm wasting summera cis woman friend had her loose skin surgery same day as my top. she just showed me her photos; i feel i have nothing to complain about.anon : i don't know how i feel about gotham city sirens, i kinda think it'll turn out to be a hot messi used postmates once and i feel like the delivery fee, if i remember correctly was $20. i need to delete that app. i need more options.i feel thishey i dunno you, but as someone who's had the police called on them for responsible disclosure reporting, i feel youri feel brokensometimes i feel like i have the <bleep>tiest lifei feel this so much. i vote for #btsbbmasi tire of talking about this stuff bc you love ur vox liberalism but this is reality, i feel a small obligation to share it w ythis new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.come across marina and the diamonds again and i feel like i'm back in year 9i feel like i'm being tortured !that <bleep>s i feel for ya.rustling some feathers i feel...you couldn't burn toast kid xi feel like such a fatty loli think i need to take a sick day tomorrow... i feel perfectly healthy, but i'm absolutely sick of working.baby baby i feel crazyoh no i feel so bad for this poor naive souli feel like <bleep>i feel so n i c ei vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist. i feel the sharp reality more everydayi feel cute as <bleep>iv had such a good day but now i feel like <bleep>i feel like every girl w long hair regrets cutting their hair loli feel like if they don't listen, i am justified in being angry at them, though.(808): i jus want to remember tomorrow how proud i was tonight for wearing my rainbow leggings as a long sleeved shrug i feel likomg i'm hearing my host dad jam to blink-182 and i feel so happy insideright won in usa but left or center won in france, so whats this i feel you thing? or os it about something elsei feel like i'm theremy dad still hasn't found out i crashed the car lmao i feel so guiltyi feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back home eat jin i voted for #btsbbmas top social artist awardwords can not express howi feel so good. i mean, completely peopled out exhausted. but words! i wrote 500 words on the drive so far!your face says it all prettyhair... i feel sad for you keep getting interrupted everytime you talk u knw wht im tlkin boutstrong start to the day. sonic youth, chemical brothers, the ollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll' havo' and i feel like i'm 27 again.you could be right. but regardless i feel this fight could give connor enough $ to never have to fight again. hopefully it happens!why do i feel like y'all are lying to melmaoooo now hiring. i feel so bad that he's absolutely right on half this <bleep>, and i don't even do it. but it is funny afeveryday i feel more blessed to be alivei feel like crying. i forgot what good news feel like.i feel like taking a shower for like 6 hoursi feel extremely sorry for sayuri and shigure for having to endure the way the students treat them alongside gurendad: "i feel bad for whoever dates kayla"i feel like n:a is a game u have to play for urself to appreciate it but im poor and lazyi feel like some people just wait for someone to get out of a relationship.. dead <bleep>she thinks my face is the only thing messed up, she should feel how i feel right nowwhy do i feel so cool nursing a hangoveri'm studying cs, ee, and business. i feel inadequate all three but, in lieu of my younger vice, persevering thru will make me betterthat's awful poor you. i feel so sorry for you man,i feel like doing a lot today so dm me plshey, did any one tried the food at tipsy beans in mandaluyong!? i feel super hungry.i feel like i won't sleep ever again until i have my monsta x ticketugh i feel your pain, who has time for homework when there's fandom to attend toi feel like death and i'm working an 8hr shift, send helpima keep talking to you cuz i feel like u don't like iti feel a bit better about (possibly) studying in paris now that i know le pen won't be president #vivelafrancewe gotta get better communion wafers. i feel like the body of christ should at least be a pita chip with a hint of garlhigh school was a good experience but if ur not ready to graduate n start the next part of ur life i feel bad for ui feel like i need to go back and read legitimation crisis this summer.
i feel you
at times i feel like he is still alive
i feel white people already think they better than us.we can't keep doing stupid <bleep> in public and we basically would be
i feel terrible today... my stomach head hurt
finally i feel like i've always dreamed.. important, loved, and thinking about the future w/ someone who actually wants a future with me
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.
"when i'm dancing, i just feel alive. i feel like i belong in that space, at that moment." leiomy maldonado, the wonder
i feel like going bowling today
i think i need to take a sick day tomorrow... i feel perfectly healthy, but i'm absolutely sick of working.
i feel like that's something you should show us
i've never had fanboy jealousy before but my wife and kids just had their pictures taken with peter capaldi and i feel the
i feel guilty everytime you say you miss me.
sometimes i feel really well adjusted, but then i light a spider on fire and enjoy it way too much for me to be normal
sometimes i feel bad that i have no hoshidan siblings except sakura (and all the nohrians except elise)
i don't know why i feel like <bleep> i say i'm fine but i'm not fine
el oh el at how i feel being a non factor
one one hand i feel haram as <bleep> on the other hand i'm super depressed and antidepressants have too many adverse effects
i feel so sorry
im wayyy up i feel bless
knjkkkkk i feel you
some days i feel like i'm on top of the world and some days i feel like an empty sad small person.
i feel bad for francisco pena though... his debut this year and a hand strain takes him out in the 8th.
it's funny bc i feel like jakob didn't give a <bleep> abt her
i feel cute as <bleep>
i've got a very bad pain in my head and i feel sick, nice
i feel so social i had a date today and now i'm going to apicnic with my friends
lol i feel you on that
it's on days like this that i feel truly proud to be #french. ... hang on ... i'm #british and stuck with lousy #brexit
just because i don't show how i feel doesn't mean it's not killing me
i feel like saying "breast is best" could make those women feel worse.
i feel like going to the gym.
i feel like i'm the only one that's not completely hating babs #babs
i feel like all i've been doing since my birthday is eat. #toomuchcelebrating
i just ran 2 miles and i feel like i can do anything rn
i feel like i should be bored at work but im not but here i am
i feel like natural females get along so well with each other lol. i think it's because we bond over products and techn
i feel so sick,, i shouldn't have chugged a bottle of ciroc last night
i feel sick.
i feel sorry for the 11m french people who voted for le pen who's heads are not in the sand. like macron said terrorism is a way of life.
i feel attacked
i feel her heartbeat
i watched it and i feel so sentimental, don't touch me
hahaha you're welcome. how do you think i feel!?
the saddest moment in anybody's life i feel is when you have the last slice of leftover pizza
tweeting things about girls, love and what i feel in 140 characters or less. i follow back everyone following
i know exactly what he means to you because i feel the same and your tweets always make me so emotional
i feel like i used to be more confident in hs and now i'm just a blob lol
.@roadtriptv why do i feel like this is a legit tweet
i can't express in words the love i feel for you
i feel sorry of the anarchists in paris, all hooded up and no need to riot #skynews theyll have to go home now without throwing a brick aww
i feel like i've single handedly contributing half of the views i watch it many times a day.
just worked my last shift at culvers idk how i feel about it
i feel so horrible ugh
i feel like you can tell the amount of mcelroy content that someone has absorbed by how often they use the words 'goof' and 'boy'
i love being home away from school because i feel more like myself i feel more accepted
just signed the lease for my apartment and i feel like such a grown up
heavily considering asking for support in raising the money for my ffs but i feel weird about that idk
we gotta get better communion wafers. i feel like the body of christ should at least be a pita chip with a hint of garl
i feel like im about to kick the bucket so i told horace to tell y'all my final words.
#gameday! #celtics wizards. game 4, 2-1. it4: "i feel like this is a must win for us" g. green: "we gonna beat thi feel like watching movies today.i feel youi feel it dude, but it's the last week we need to finish strong !i feel white people already think they better than us.we can't keep doing stupid <bleep> in public and we basically would bei wanna meet on the #sabrinadetour but i feel like i'm still in the "bandwagon fan" phase to buy the upgradeit feels weird being done with school..like i feel like i have something due next week but i'm officially done with college...weird feelingi noticed in the manual... well, i feel its a loss.at this point i feel when people say "i voted for [nightmare candidate] as a protest" they really mean "i don't want ti feel you.i feel so relaxed after my showeridek i feel like i ain't gon look good. idc i'm only going cause my family want me toi feel good. i hope i feel like this for a very long timei feel like i'm going to throw up but i'm at a family reunionhelp i feel the need to speak english rni feel so overwhelmed with everything right now. i keep having mini breakdownsmy math teachers last name is haylor i feel uncomfortable saying itnever know what i want til i arrive at it never know what i feel til i would die for iti feel u and thus far im the same way, like i want em but idk if ill ever get themi feel horrible and all i want rn is to hug eth grayi feel like re-watching shirobako~i feel like we don't appreciate sun chips enough.i feel like the only time i'm not stressed is when i'm asleep..anyone know anyone who works for trains and can get me cheap train tickets to london? i feel i'm been robbed blind!one thing i love and i'm going to miss about the valley is the food! i feel so bad for people who will never experience suchi feel this distance coming ..i feel a bad person for laughing at true crime memes but..... they are funny.......i am in charge of how i feel and today i am choosing happiness.i feel like it's a natural instinct to never realize what you have until it's gonei feel threatenedi feel flatteredj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i sart giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! goi feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythini don't know how i feel about 13 reasons why having a season two (if this is indeed true).i think i caught what my sister had... i feel like death.miss you and love you too. but no differences lol.... just facts i feel it hahahahahi stg is the place i go to when i feel bored or upset her acc gives me life girl you got me through e'it's so easy to understand, i feel like we're discussing the alphabet for the fifth meeting in a row.' -kim, on #sociocracy #cohousingi feel a lump on my throat at the sight of you, so i keep my eye closed, but my heart knows me more than i do, so it keeps it's own openi feel iti feel so alone sometimesi feel you , get that <bleep> thenplayed a bunch of that prey demo. i feel like this game fell out of 1999. they don't make first person games like this anymore. it is cool.the shorter i cut my hair, the more i feel like myself. i am finally actualising.i feel they're more patient,too patient.a bit more forgiving. dt 1st kid must be sth,dy don't hv favorites btwhen i feel heavy metali feel bad for that new kurt vile albumi feel like i'm losing myself and who i used to be.i finished #tinmanbook today i feel the same; my copy will stay close at hand too. going to insist everyone reads itboom shakalaka? wtf is <bleep>y about that? i feel like chris say anything and <bleep>s just wanna <bleep>.dying is the gift, life is the burden. how i feel almost every dayi feel amazing and have never been more excited about the music i'm working oni feel like <bleep>tttti really like my new store manager. he's really chill and i feel like he's genuinely interested in who we are as people not as workers.aaahw srsly.. not again.. i feel so bad for him he's being followed like 25/8i feel like it's beautiful for those women who can't afford a weeding and dress but still want the day to be specialand i know everyone is different and i should not compare my life with other people's lives but sometimes i feel like a waste of spacei feel like the whole world wants me to pray for them, but who the hell is praying for me?i feel your pain hun! <bleep>i feel extatic at macron's victory and devastated at the prospect of brexit. the french havewtf the fixer.?lmao your the philosopher i feel likehaha damn i missed i shoulda listened!! some days i feel like i know and others i'm losthe's a punk, his brother is a beaver -and his brother-in-law is a cuck. i feel sorry for the young one who is lii feel truly betrayed when ppl dont answer my texts.i feel so sickwe are being accepted by the cool kids, and due to this i feel both validated and accepted as an artist and performer.tbh i feel the same way about the annotations. the removal of annotations doesn't make any sense.i feel like 99% of my problems would be solved if i had nice eyebrows?bbc have been giving "skewed" news for quite some time. is easier to simply not watch or listen. ilow key upset with the cousins trade, cause now i feel the raptors rushed getting ibakai feel like i can 100% see the plot line for season 2.
i feel so alone
i feel like a indiana jones, bcoz you are the treasure i am looking for. #aldubxdtbycomplicated
i feel being mixed u have the pressure of idenetifying with 1 or the other and also being shamed for identifying with 1 mor
if you know how i feel why would you
maybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i care
i feel like i'm supposed to be ashamed of how much i like dnce, but <bleep> that--life's too short to be embarrassed about what
every time i get a new phone case i feel like i got a whole new phone
i just want atleast one day where i feel worth something. one day where i don't feel like i'm falling apart. just 1..
hanna has nice one's aswell, but i feel like once we start using mascara were doomed lol
whenever i think of justin i don't think celeb. i feel our connection is so close to him it feels like we're friends.
i feel ugly
i feel like i could get close to levels if i kept at it... never surpass the boopmeister though
i feel so bad for people who are allergic to nuts
there's a spider in the bathroom and i feel its negative energy
i feel like i can't stop reading that she isn't feeling well during conventions, and her health is honestly so much more important.
i feel the same way
i feel like i don't belong
dude i feel your pain
today yukari made a friend named ia. i'm not sure how i feel about it.
i feel like freshens works their hardest to win the world record for slowest service.
i feel u
i feel like <bleep> and all i want is some pho
i feel weird when big accounts follow back like wat
i dont quite know how to say how i feel
i feel compelled to tag u two in cute dog clips
i feel motivated whenever i remember story
i feel horrible bc i told my older brother i was gonna go to niece and nephews birthday party today but i didn't :/
i feel like it's the worst thing i ever did
everyone i talk to is smarter than me so i feel you lol
i feel like france kind of deserves to get the statue of liberty back
"i'm ok/i feel good". moi aussi
this weekend has taken the absolute piss i feel like i'm away to die, never again
it's sunday and i feel like doin some <bleep> <bleep>
thank you so much, i feel so honored and blessed to be in a position to share this impor
he kissed his lips in return and smiled softly. "i feel exactly the same, baby."
i feel so much better about myself right now!! time to get stuff done
can y'all just imagine how fights at got7's dorm is or used to be like? i feel like the one always ready to fight over s
finally i can watch kyuhyun's one voice concert. i've seen just a few second and i feel like crying bc it's so beautiful
i feel so alone sometimes
i feel like natural females get along so well with each other lol. i think it's because we bond over products and techn
sjws trash, i feel you
every time my college best friends and my high school best friends interact i feel like i'm in a crossover episode from
im having difficulty accomplishing anything because i feel an immense pressure to be good and cant let myself settle for being okay
but all i feel is numb. #usedtoit
and how i feel will remain the same because you're my baby
i feel revolution in the air all over the world politicians have stolen elections taken over governments the people used and abused
god wish i could tell people how i feel without feeling so pathetic and melodramatic but my mi simply won't allow such things !!!
this should be the last week you're minding somebody else business. my weave was expensive asf, ima wear my weave how i
i feel bad for because he follows me on instagram so now he gets to see my ugly <bleep> selfies on his timeline
i feel like i'm the only person trying to juggle 1817262 things at once.
i feel like i'm about to get a cold...
im just sad because i feel no satisfaction. i had to read through so many <bleep> scenes that i didnt even want. and i love reading <bleep> scenes
i feel like i have to go on an epic journey and pull an s.o. out of a <bleep>in slab of stone like excalibur
i feel personally offended almost all the time when i read what he says.
girl i feel you the struggle is real, today is the first time in forever since i got my nails done at the salon
good morning my love, our two souls aflame, with my man i feel two hearts beat the same. #aldubxdtbycomplicated
had my follow up yesterday and i feel very good about it. thanks man!!
ugh i feel like crap rn
i feel so bad for all the people who don't know about kpop i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist
i feel brand new when i get my nails done
why does every single time i feel the same exact way
i feel like the color yellowwhenever i feel down, i just remember that curt schilling loses sleep over parody twitter accounts. that always gives me a good laugh.i feel so good cus i got up handled all my business this morningi just finished p5 and i feel empty insideawh i feel bad opsi feel like i got shot in my ribsi feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.a president who cares about people, ages from stress (obama). trump is aging us, not himself, because he could careless. i feei feel like <bleep> hii feel like everyone hates mei feel like i overreact about a lot of thingsi feel it comingso france has a new president now. don't know how i feel about him.i'm not saying my life is perfect, but i'm dealing with life better. i'm doing better, i'm smiling more, i feel more, and iomggggg i feel quiana baby kicking it feels so weird !!!!!i worked all weekend and just found a picture that paints how i feel in 1,000 words, bypassing twitter's 140 character limi feel like i'm the only one that sits criss cross applesauce on a chair"sometimes i feel like i need to high five myself" - my mumi feel personally attacked. how you know lmaoi think i need to take a sick day tomorrow... i feel perfectly healthy, but i'm absolutely sick of working.this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.all evidence points to me being an adult. and yet sometimes when i see pictures of rhett, i feel like a damn teenager. #help #smittenkittenthere are definitely bad ones but i feel like more people who express hate over sjw are ppl i don't wanna be so xdi feel like it might be someone else or van ?wow it must <bleep> to be such a judgemental <bleep> i feel bad 4 u :(sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.i mean this in the context that you can't expect to be friends with everyone. i feel like that's unhealthy.well, i succumbed. i retweeted myself and nobody retweeted my retweets of my tweets i retweeted. i feel disgusting. i hopi've been on the low i been taking my time i feel like i'm out of my mind it feel like my life ain't minej cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i sart giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! gowhy do i feel like terry is going to be captaini feel like such an idiot when i tell somebody to have a good day and they ignore mepainted my nails yellow and idk how i feel about ithard to say who ultimately has the best car here. i feel like there's about 10 cars with a serious shot at winning.gurl i feel you i've been without my mac for over 12 days it'll be finally fixed tomorrow hopefullytoday i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of lovefirst i was afraid now i feel nothing at allif your sibling ain't your best friend.. i feel bad for youcan y'all just imagine how fights at got7's dorm is or used to be like? i feel like the one always ready to fight over si feel nachos should have nacho cheese! that <bleep> be dry without it hahai vote for at #btsbbmas tonight i feel like i'm lost in the deserti feel a beach trip comin up soonni feel tremendous emotion about that. unlike the federalist/nr crowd, i am not a sociopath.introduced the boys to tonight. i feel like it was a shock for them to hear real music in the house #drumandbassistrash.i feel soooooooooo damn good right now!!!!!!! please don't kill my vibe!!!!!i feel like umi should deliver to fultoni feel you but durant lost in the post game and got madthe hopes of us all are with him. but i feel a mysterious trepidation.i feel like the top half of the inning is going by a lot faster than the bottom.i feel like i'm one of the few people who still likes skype more aaaai feel weird being annoyed at this. i'm not even an artist but the artist i follow have hammered this into my head.what is unicorn essence. i feel like this is like the first harry potter with the unicorn blood.i feel yah on thatno problem, just stating how i feel.not sure how i feel about a second season ofi feel disgusted i hate <bleep>s and i hate people that excuse themthe same place we got the bacon? i feel like we gotta bring the light skin brother tooi feel like rolling loud was the best music festival/ concert w the best lineup of the year fri feel an odd sense of dread. it's not often i get to use the word 'dread' so at least that's fun.i feel like my depression is a battle i know i'll never win.don't let this video of the boys dancing macarena die ... i can't describe the longing i feel #3yearsof1dinbrazil htti dont want to sound arrogant but i feel so happy with the video content i produced this weekhmm, do you have any ideas for what to change it to? i feel the struggle.i feel like a big <bleep> weight just lifted off my shoulders.wait you have a letter with your address/name/driving license on it? however i feel about you, i'd suggest you take that down!
#jesus is my rock, he is my friend when i feel alone. stop letting people #steal your #joy from you, especially when they think they can.
i'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thing
i feel like yo body got the same potential as hers lmao
i feel attacked :(
my last exam is 19th long af, then i'm back to the endzzzz back to a house with rules i feel tou
so typical.. couple weeks into my new job and i feel like i've been hit with the full blown flu
i feel sorry for all the drivers lol it's gona be queue after queue after queue lol
there is no escaping the sadness i feel for not going to rolling loud this year
i feel the love
came home to an empty house i feel some type of way....
i feel so completely separated from society a lot of the time. like some people are so stupid is it even healthy to be that stupid
i feel you, girl .
i feel directly victimized right now
i feel so sorry for people that work on mondays
wayyyy up i feel blessed
i feel white people already think they better than us.we can't keep doing stupid <bleep> in public and we basically would be
maybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i care.
i feel like all my friends are into rap music but i just wanna blast cage the elephant or young the giant in the car sometimes yanno?
i do agree that is unfair, i feel like you didn't get to go out there because you covered a lot of leaked stuff. idk tho..
ya from what i gather most vegans are against it? i feel like the difference between milk and honey is the animal industry
i feel so sick omfg
there could be stream tonight! if i feel like it when i get home. maybe maybe not. who knows. but ill try
i feel like i tweet this once a week but i wanna go to another concert so <bleep>in bad
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i feel sorry for your child.
i feel like i'm having pcd after binge watching sounds live feels live videos i miss 5sos :-(
i was studying spanish for 2 hours i feel so good
that's exactly the opposite of how i feel, and i think i made that very clear in my previous tweet.
today i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of love
i feel alone as <bleep>
that's my problem : i think too much, and i feel too deeply. what a dangerous combination
every time i think of you, i feel happiness in my heart.
i feel betrayed
.@bexmader favourite ouat character? "i'd have to go with my sister. i feel in head over love heels with the evil queen."
im wearing shorts for the first time this year i feel naked
i feel like such a traitor. i'm always celebrating women hurting men but i never hurt my bf
i feel sick so that means i need to sleep
that's good to hear. sometimes i feel like this is an abnormal train of thought.
i feel that we have not seen the last yellow or yellows in this race
proverbs 26:4 bud. if you can't figure that one out, i feel sorry for you. you're hand picking text out of context
i swear imma keep it real tell you how i feel
is it bad that i feel so much better today? just knowing that the bs was stopped somewhere, anywhere.
not easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #mot
i know im young but i feel like its nothin i cant handle
i feel a #cavstwitter kyrie mutiny coming on.
every time i look at the list i feel so defeated.
i feel sickened that the poor and working class are being conned into voting for con. just because of brexit.
i feel like everybody had that phase where 2chainz was their favorite rapper lol
i feel so alonei feel bad for people who follow and myself, their tls are just full with our retweets ofi feel ui shouldn't have had 2 mugs of coffee i feel squirmishidk bout u but i feel super close to u guys. lets keep it that way please? youve all done so much for me. i got u if youi ate a large dominos pizza this evening and i feel proud yet ashamed"i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice." - suga #btsbbmasi feel like throwing fertilizer on girls and tell them to grown tf up.god these people are awful. i feel so proud we voted to get them the hell out of our countryi'm at the store getting stuff to cook dinner and i feel like a momthis new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.i feel like my dad expects it but hopes he's wrongthank u,,, so much i feel honouredexactly. i feel like it'd be straying too far from the point.today i've decided to delete my twitter account. i feel like i can dedicate my time to bigger better things than here. deucesi promise i won't complain whoever the winner is but i feel like it won't be that song and the worst drama will starti feel the same way i can't thank them enough love you bangtan !! i vote for for top soci feel bad for people who get hangoversthis weekends diet has been, copious guinness, cider, gin, whiskey, lager curry, sausage mcmuffin. i feel <bleep>ing epic.i feel like i'm the only one who would not take the stock for pausing rule (within reason) or resort to any of those things.you don't even love judge judy the way that i do. don't use her against me. you know how i feel about her.i still can't believe ariana was at coachella we barely got any hq pictures of her, i feel robbedi guess i'll go out with you, guren. i-it's only because i feel sorry for you!the worst part of the 2 months after the nfl draft is the constant happiness i feel with cleveland sports.i feel so sorry for my baby dad sometimes because i'm really psycho :(i feel like this was drawn just for me (it wasn't i know, but i love it that much) loganseriously, what kind of slr camera comes without a depth of field preview. i feel totally ripped off. #d3200can someone explain i still don't get the joke i feel so dumbi feel ashamed, this is our coach man should come and apologize for the disgusting performance instead he cracking a jokes witi feel like gleesh should get paid off thati go to pet paradise just to pet and play with the puppies cause i feel like they are so sad in their cagesim too shy to tell you how i feel, and i'm afraid if i ask you "what do you think of me?" your reply will be "i dont."i feel u :/tasked to be the videographer for today's mos. i feel so fortunate that we interviewed liza soberano. this girl is perfecyeah i feel u...so ya <bleep> gon be on silent forever?i feel sorry for the people who never learn from their mistakesi think myself when i feel lonelyi got my first head ache when i was 16 i feel like i'm missing outi feel sorry for the true french. but france will be french no more.also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!i'm wearing rings i feel like jimin hehei feel sad tonight.they only people i feel are beneath me are just a few jealous lassies on the internet, get on so well w most people irl tbf"you dont go up to a chef and ask something with blue flavor" i want to do that. i feel like id get slapped in the face.i feel that aye but a bangers a banger can't go wrong with cherry hillpretty high right now but i feel good!i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happensometimes i feel like im only meant for myselfi don't even smoke and i feel the joy for youomg brenda! seriously i have to work on that. i used to do it like nothing but now i feel lonely even tho i'm so not loli feel horriblei feel like im accidentally copying someonei feel for women who think they're morally superior for being complicit towards a system that wouldn't spit on them if ti feel less alone when you herei feel like my hart can't this pain that im feelingi feel for stephen. he is angry at god because he has lived with a debilitating disease. i get it. may god be deliverdon't even know how i feel right now73. beautiful liar - i feel like the world stood still for a while when shakira and beyonc dropped this one. beyoooooond ii feel this on a spiritual levelcall me weird but i shaved my legs and i feel so uncomfortable i can't wait for my hairs to grow back :(how do people live in rainy climates? it's been damp and dreary here for 5 days and i feel like i'm withering awayas in her singing. lmao i feel like people won't get what i'm really saying.i feel this in my soul hahalol a guy just fell in the water poor guy i feel bad for laughibgi feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist
maybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i care
i just started liking crunchy tacos but i feel like i like them almost as much as chicken fingers
i feel like a ticonderoga pencil that got left behind a filing cabinet and couldn't be put to its fullest potential
how i feel about my life in one tweet
once i feel different about u, ur done
are incredible. you know what? i feel you're right. haha. i wouldn't be surprised if our bet were to last several decades.
i feel disgusting and fat today yay
i feel like everybody secretly hates me.
if that is what is keeping you from being a fan then i feel for you.
i feel like i have nobody in my corner
haha i feel bad for anyone who is going to encounter me tonight
i feel like floating now lol #staytrippy
i feel like the kids club is always closing at la fit
hmm... the way everyone talks about this, i feel like i'm missing something, lol
i feel like i do but ily more djdjdj
i feel like i could start a thread of 100+ tweets of all the times jamie and dakota act like a married couple
baby i feel like i just got cut in half
its almost been 4 years i feel like the ceiling so high still...
i feel so nauseous and i don't know why it's so annoying
if i wasn't broke. idk buy you a new one. i feel bad for some strange reason lmao
i have a niece now i feel bad for the future men who dare to <bleep> with her. i will take pride in being that uncle. htt
i want new mutuals but i feel like everyone hates me
i am vote for for #btsbbmas when it comes to our ownselves i feel its better to have an unconditional faith ~
i feel i always have to make a point of it
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
if i had 300k in student loans, i feel like the only option is to fake my death and start my life over.
i feel lonely :(
i feel so alive today.
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i feel like one of drake's 8 teams left in the playoffs will win it all. really stoked for him.
#milf -i feel like a popsicle. i arrive to open my striped body suit. yes! from down under in between my legs, and. h
had dinner two hours ago and ate too much so bloated i feel like snorlax in my bed
i swear every time i get my nails done i feel like they talk <bleep> about me in that chinese language.
goodbye france enjoy your sharia law i feel sorry for y'all we will not bail you out this time you are on your own.
i feel so gross after i take my acrylics off
i feel like i'm the only one who doesn't like it at all
and i feel sorry you can't trust an anonymous person on the internet. what's the world coming to?
i feel like ive defo seen this before
dude. i feel so bad for the skateboard. it will never be fabulous again
me: *yawns* customer: i stopped eating gluten. i feel great-it really woke me up! me: *shoves loaf of bread in my mouth*
i don't think like that a lot but i feel like if i did it'd change a lot of things
one thing about me : i never hide how i feel, can never pretend. unlike some of y'all pretentious <bleep>es
absolute class bro i feel old remembering the song and video!
why do i feel hillary makes bill and chelsea call her 'madam president' around the house
for the first time in months, i feel happy
i feel bad for jack allen... #stlblues
the way i feel about you... i've never felt about anyone else.
i feel like i'm in a movie
what do the masses want from me i feel as though i do not churn out enough original content !!
i feel like the point gain is too slow itd be better if they added bottle drops after practice
why do i feel so sick everyday?
i feel like this monday-friday so i'm used to it
me: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel better
i feel u starboy
i feel like <bleep>tttt
i feel like we need to all put our account as private
i feel like i was just hit by a truck
i feel for women who think they're morally superior for being complicit towards a system that wouldn't spit on them if t
so uh..now i feel bad of myself and people in genneral, idk
stop. i feel like they grow back longer every time i cut them! and he is where he is loved.
justin got very emotional every time he sing "life is worth living" i don't know if it's true but this is what i feel #
maybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i carei feel like <bleep> still and this mf been outside smoking for like 45 min alreadyi feel youi feel like i'm in a genuinely good mood this afternoon and it feels really weird, but nice.oh, ann maree, i feel you girl.i feel like i just annoy ppli shared a lazy town meme and now i feel this tired all the damn time!i feel like such an idiot sometimesyou lost me and i feel sorry for youi haven't been to the gym for a week i feel disgusting someone go with me tonight :/i feel you. people are just ridiculous lately.this how i feel when my man is huggin me i be feelin hella special, relaxed, happy, blissful, and like a damn princess all ati feel <bleep>aultedi feel bad for all the people who lost me out of their lives based on the poor choices they made. they won't be a part ofi have so many people around me but, i feel alone. some of you wouldn't understand thatthis new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.i feel like this is kind of complicated for our generation, but it's doablei feel bad for corey joseph. he can't do nothing about kyrie. on that island loli feel u pali feel all tinglyi think i need to take a sick day tomorrow... i feel perfectly healthy, but i'm absolutely sick of working.feeling stupid for crying because i feel vulnerable and weak. my ugly sobs and not being able to speak clearly annoying me the mosthe a snake i feel it in my bonesi feel so happy and carefree nowgood video but i feel more uncomfortable than satisfiedevery date i'm on, i feel like i really shouldn't be there.sometimes i feel like "gods" were just made up because no one understands this world and having faith in something fills up that feari feel like i'm losing my mind, you guys.also imma need the contact info of whoever is laughing cuz nothing about this <bleep> is funnyi want you to know how important you are to me. i feel blessed with your existencei am casting my vote for for the #bbmas top social artist award #btsbbmas i feel so far away, you always come mif you can't roll pearls i feel bad for ya. my <bleep> is always on pointidk how i feel about this video but i also think it was the best thing everi put a party request up in lfg and a guild member joined so i was like 'hi ____!!!' and they just went 'uh... hi' and i feel heartbrokeni feel like i'm alone in this city with my faint little "noooooo" at the end of this gamehell no i feel like i died and woke up from the died when that happenswhy i feel so hyped?i feel bad for people who think i'm quiet, because i really never shut upi'm not having it joe, i feel very passionate about thisi feel ill that these are the same people who celebrated trump's win.i feel so depressed miss you already booi'm in such a bubbly mood. i feel 10x lighter.i feel like with all the people i normally play with i have to ask first if they want to play leaguetbh i feel quite content with my life nowi kinda hope third parties start doing the sports games again, i feel those had the most personalityi feel so bad for people who don't get along with their siblings. they'll never know the definition of a best friend.guy: are you from tennessee? me: no, why? guy: you smell like barbecue sauce and i feel like you're kind of a racistj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i sme trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.i feel like i'm getting better at yoga. i managed to hold the crow for a few seconds and i'm getting better at headstandsi feel like i can still hear it in my braini feel heartless often off this feelingi feel like this is a lot of what the new right is. amoral people who want to piss off good folks who give a half a <bleep>.i feel for women who think they're morally superior for being complicit towards a system that wouldn't spit on them if tno amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feeli feel like the 3d audio book trailer was more asmri feel the same, but i enjoy the water longeri feel bad nowi see you un riazor.i didn't think you were feel it.i just left, im so depressed..idk if ill see lex or karina again and i feel like cryingyes i feel much better lol. i'm going to visit you bc i want to go dog sledding hahasomething big is coming ... i feel iti would be too i feel like thats the line. or maybe kc is the line or khakis.i feel like all the ric flair woos we've done over the years helped make this blessed event happeni feel.... betrayedwhy do i feel like thats morse codeare hey violet coming back to europe soon?? i feel like they might come back to do some album promo
my mom just put on this town all by herself and started singing and i feel so proud
i feel like this season of scandal has gotten no where
i used to like merrydown cider back in the good old 80s bloody hell i feel old x
i feel fit :-) today i took 813 steps, burned 1703 calories, and travelled 0.55 kilometers
i need to start taking care of my body. not even for looks just so i feel better lol (ok and for looks but that's for me n
i feel like going sleep for long time
i have a niece now i feel bad for the future men who dare to <bleep> with her. i will take pride in being that uncle. htt
when i feel like nobody appreciates me i just remember it's nobody's job to give a <bleep> about me and nobody can <bleep> wi
i feel like chavez jr fought his best when trained by #boxing #hboboxing #canelochavezjr #chavezjrcanelo
when i'm out i feel free i hate feeling trapped
still trying to understand how i feel about you.
i need a constant supply of attention or i feel like u don't care
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
i think i need to take a sick day tomorrow... i feel perfectly healthy, but i'm absolutely sick of working.
i feel this weird wave of sadness and it's giving me more sadness that i even feel sadness
well damn i feel it
can y'all just imagine how fights at got7's dorm is or used to be like? i feel like the one always ready to fight over s
i feel played for likening red velvet but not chocolate cake... smh
im waaaay up i feel blessed
there should be a poll, but i feel both names would end in a tie.
i hear you.i feel like that when i hear pm of canada speak i like to pretend he is my president.
when i feel apsite? i read what she rote for me before
so like my parents just left with no greeting... i feel the love
i thought i was ok, but now i feel like my heart is being ripped out of my chest. #notears #cantbreathe #hitlikeatruck
just found a stack of poems i wrote at 15 years old, needless to say the amount of embarrassment i feel is indescribable
i feel like one of drake's 8 teams left in the playoffs will win it all. really stoked for him.
i feel like <bleep> time to ***
i feel as if should have some kind of panel at coup. you know, so we can help their cause. yea that's it #thepoint
i feel so proud when my friends tell me their parents like me like damn right they do, im a delight
i feel gross guh...i need to eat but i just feel bad (tm)
i feel like i should be drawingbut my whole body is sore lol... i'll try in a bit tho.
i feel so ill man idk wassup with me
my sister's p.hd convo this week, i cant even keep calm, i feel like i've phd
i started gbf when the albert event started and i feel so sad
mfs change like the weather, i don't speak on how i feel cause you never know anyone's true intentions w/ you
i feel bad always posting short stuff but that's all i have in me lately. school + brain takes it out of me
i feel your pain, now go pretend to study again...
i feel like tweeting ric flair encounter is what i was born for.can now die fulfilled.was a good run friends.
listen up, if i feel a threat imma hit u up
waaaay up i feel blessed
also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!
summer is comin, i feel it
i feel some change coming on strong.
it just seems so weird. maybe it's the africa in me, but i feel the man doesn't know what he's doing.
i feel bad for our families who don't get to see us walk
your totally indoctrinated i feel sorry for you
but i feel you pain. after the epic 6a trailer, i was hoping to get something on that level. #teenwolf
you know i feel like i'm about to vomit or black out but thats okay.
there is a brand that makes what they call "low cut dance tights" and i feel like it's capezio but i'm probably wrong.
why do men use that <bleep> cleanser before <bleep>, i feel like women don't
that was a sentence fragment but i feel like it still said everything it needed to.
i feel like rolling loud was the best music festival/ concert w the best lineup of the year fr
i feel bad for all of you who have never had mission bbq
i feel too empty too hollow too needy i need a recess
wow i feel like a sack of poop
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again
i hate that anytime i eat anything i feel like i'm gonna sick it back up
tell me how should i feel when you made me belong and the thought if you just touching her is what i hate most
i feel so bad for him. that's some <bleep> you don't play with. that's sad
goddamn do i feel annoying right now
i feel weird being sympathetic or showing affection to others
sometimes i feel like talking all day and other times i don't even want to say a word.i am having a panic attack i don't know how i'm gonna pass my korean final tomorrow. i feel like i'm gonna forget everythingneed to learn to enjoy my own company i feel like i'm always depending to be surrounded w ppl.every time i look into your eyes i see it you're all i need every time i get a bit inside i feel iti feel youchlo omg i feel so blessed to be in your twitter name &lt;3i feel ui feel some type of way when i hear "won't he do it!""when i'm dancing, i just feel alive. i feel like i belong in that space, at that moment." leiomy maldonado, the wonderi feel myself changing. i don't laugh the same anymore, i don't smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everytyou know how i feel about yougrad party: as a lawyer, i feel like #snapchat has a presumption of shadiness.my heart is throbbing his face is so beautiful up close i feel personally attacked. hes so beautiful idk what to do hi feel stupid for liking you.i feel like absolute <bleep> so i'm going to sleep and i'm hoping i feel better in the morningnot only did it make me laugh, you legendary genius - it also delighted me to know you heard that bit! i feel for you!ive been feeling so happy lately i feel like my heart is about to explodejust 30 minutes on the stationary bike and i feel much more hopeful than i did before.[ snarky tweet that's hilarious but hurts someone's feelings and then i feel bad and delete it. ]still trying to understand how i feel about you.omg im the same that's my first thought when i read stupid comments, i thought it was just me! now i feel less weirdeverything is fine , i'm great , and yet i feel overwhelmed.just hiked acid castles in tie dye and tevas. i feel super oregoniani feel u. that crew.good thing i've been studying econ all day but i feel like i haven't learned anythingi think i need to take a sick day tomorrow... i feel perfectly healthy, but i'm absolutely sick of working.hahahahahahahahha i feel ya!!!! i have a video of his flying kiss i show u tomorrow!i am so fed up of everything and i feel like i just have no one to talk to hagflkgnfbfgeven more scared now #france is now protecting there illegal immigrants i feel so sorry france is now going to be a scarey placei feel like deserves some space. especially with the way that fans have been acting lately. it's been disit actually hurts bec i know that you will never know how i feel for youi feel so damn stupid.can y'all just imagine how fights at got7's dorm is or used to be like? i feel like the one always ready to fight over swowwow i feel good!!i'm at that pre-packing stage where i don't just feel like i'm forgetting something, i feel like i'm forgetting everythingjames watt wasn't it? inventor of the steam engine? i feel like everyone has just slightly tweaked/improved the original ideareally hope i feel better sooni feel ya, it's good stuff, i'm just one of those people who likes my shampoo haha.i feel you xdi feel so much better<bleep> i feel u on another level smfhi feel like we can body shame him he did it to a young woman on tv.as a health care <bleep>istant in the nhs i feel its #publicduty to not vote tory. (like i ever would lol) #savethenhs #dontvoti feel kinda down about startin my "business" again.@amyzenunim i feel betrayedi feel so offended i'm going back to my hoe ways dawgwhen i feel like nobody appreciates me i just remember it's nobody's job to give a <bleep> about me and nobody can <bleep> wii feel like deathi feel yaaaa, experienced it with others in your sign. crazy ting but yanno.i hear ya, i feel the same way they're invi feel like i've never seen you so happy and smileahahaha uhhhh i feel like there is no right answer lol can i phone a friend ?i love me a pretty brownskin woman i feel like they don't get enough credit..i <bleep>ing love this whole album. i'm so happy these songs aren't a secret anymore. i feel mad relieved thank y'all for ev#topbbmas i feel like p!atd/fob/mcr stans should help with the hashtag we could use it tbh.i feel weird being sympathetic or showing affection to others
why should i feel bad? <bleep> off
how do i feel soooo uncomfortable in my own bed
i feel white people already think they better than us.we can't keep doing stupid <bleep> in public and we basically would be
i feel so tired i'm tempted to skip shower tooth brushing, hell even getting out of these clothes. do i do it
i feel like i'm flatlining
okay so since i met michael fassbender he has made some <bleep>ty movies. i feel i left a warwick curse. oh lord god make prometheus 2 good
i feel like someone decided to mod this puzzle
haha no problem. i feel your pain
and all i feel in my stomach is <bleep>erflies, the beautiful kind. making up for lost time, taking flight, making me feel
still trying to understand how i feel about you.
i feel like lil wayne is too old to be on a song with chance bieber and quavo. like give it up weezy let the young ones shine
i feel like half my tl is shading me
i feel like i'm annoying people tonight so i'll keep offline for now. i love harry and you all very much, thank you for bearing with me.
i think i need to take a sick day tomorrow... i feel perfectly healthy, but i'm absolutely sick of working.
i feel like girls forget they should always be treated like a queen, after 4 months or 4 years nothing should change
i feel weird saying cornrows grew up always saying cainrow
i feel like the more reading i do the less i remember but then if i dont read i dnt know anything at all im lost
i feel like i'm waking up on another planet because how low is everyone's bar like: h o w
i feel the coffee
i feel dead
i feel like hotel transylvania and monster house are vastly underrated and i'm kinda salty about this
i feel betrayed as well!
bitch i just got my first dose of anime and i feel aliiiiivvvvveeee
just did an hour of #yogarevolution (yes, i'm doing it again ) and i feel soooooooo much better. thankful for yoga
my friends just left and i feel so lonely and sad
is #ua21 gonna be lit? i feel it
empty. is how i feel.
i feel like spring day was dedicated to me, therefore, i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmas
so far, i feel like i'm watching something kind of interesting i've already seen done better. #fmabrotherhood
i feel sooooooo <bleep>ty wow!!
i feel france has told #lepen to #frexit
today i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of love
since i feel like a 100% bum. i'm going to eat cake.
i feel like everything inside me is being ripped out when i toss and turn in my sleep :))
i feel the same way today.
justin bieber's voice is amazing as it is, but i feel like it got 5x better when he sings in spanish
why do i feel so anxious when messaging in group chats
i feel so sick
i feel so free and happy i haven't felt like this in years
i forgot it was katniss's birthday tomorrow i feel terrible now
oh no, i feel so shy. what to do...
how did i never notice gofmt was converting all my spaces to tabs. i feel like someone just told me there's no santa claus.
how does one even get the hanger past the cervix? i feel weak.
i feel you sister #soclosetofreedom
i feel so bad for those who feel the need to hate on ppl behind a screen because they're happy/confident, that too anonymou
i feel the same way girl lol i'll straight slam on my breaks and get the <bleep> out of there
i'm your friend and i also have no money but i feel like we can still do cool things
why do i feel like crying
start wherever you are right now,i've come to terms that postponing things just prolongs the anxiety i feel,so go and do it.h
i feel like social media plays a big role in that
i feel like boo boo the fool
i feel like i need a detox
when i feel like nobody appreciates me i just remember it's nobody's job to give a <bleep> about me and nobody can <bleep> wi
listen to cosmic explorer hyper masculinity is mona's pizza! maker's of describing how i feel blessed!!! just be so many
i feel like everytime any of the famous ze:a members go on variety 90% of the time shows spent talking about their 'unpopularity' when thesometimes i feel like i'm in this parenting ship buy myselfi feel youi feel myself about to start ranking on ppl, i need to stay off fbi feel much better than after the other first quarters, but still don't think we played well. wizards just played worse; it made some 3s.my grandpa is always like "hechale ganas hija" and everytime he tells me i feel so happyi feel bad for the last gorillanew account and i feel good about iti feel kinda lost rn tbh but i promise imma get my <bleep> together boss back up..my crown wont ever falli'm bored i feel like driving to gtown .i feel stupid for liking you.even in real life, i'm just there, if i don't talk to them no one talks to me first? or..i don't know i feel alone lol but oh well...my hair keeps trying to do this part in the middle thing and idk how i feel about itand i feel bad for shawn for being treated as something else than a human being with feelings.i feel so free now that i know i need a d i got a b on both the other exams so i know i got it in the bag!i can only take naps that are at min 2 hours long then i feel lyk kryin cuz mcat $tr3$$i feel great .. lmao what about yallit all feels like a fight, u were always on my side. and the lonely i feel now, u used to make it go awaysame. i feel like reinheart will be better lol i've never payed attention to him but tonight i will bei feel a change coming on......i feel really sick rn jghfhgfhghhi think i need to take a sick day tomorrow... i feel perfectly healthy, but i'm absolutely sick of working.tomorrow starts what will be my last week of high school and i'm not sure how i feel about thisi feel like <bleep>.sometimes i feel like a potato but then i remember they're ain't no type of potato people don't likei feel violated by the emojisbut i feel bad for josh and his other roomate. this hoe can't pay bills but she walks around like she runs that <bleep>.who knows i feel like i'm just a weirdo who has contradicting ideasi feel bad when the team asks me to go to the palace or mementos every single day and i turn them downi feel sick to my stomach knowing that newspapers are trying to contact george and his family for comments about harriet lei feel like france kind of deserves to get the statue of liberty backnot sure how i feel about #13reasonswhyseason2 ... feel like this should have been a one series thingstill trying to understand how i feel about you.wait...you made adventure of girl? i feel cheated somehowme: logic: im not ashamed to be white, im not ashamed to be black. i feel like it gives me perspective. those are just labelentire facebook timeline filled with meal preps for the week.. i feel so incompetent now!i feel bad for all the <bleep> people r giving halsey for vip prices. yall realize that you'll be the reasons she stops meethat is 100% how i feeli am never jealous of any female and never will be. if i trip on my dude it's because i feel disrespected. never jealous.dumb nerds: i stopped drinking soda and i feel so much better me: ill feel terrible either way so im keeping my dr pepper iv dripactually feel blessed that i met i feel like we should be from the same womb we're that similari feel rly bad for any future bf of mine bc i am clingy as heck and i need constant affirmation and all of the attentionim so desperate for friendship yet when ppl talk to me i feel like they hate me and that im a burden whyyyyi feel like harry redknapp is jesus and and are the 3 wise men! #wearestayingupbbc have been giving "skewed" news for quite some time. is easier to simply not watch or listen. ii feel bad for not being a good enough.i feel really lonely and i keep feeling a bit anxioushey if i don't see you i feel like i missed somethingi feel like this is a tweet would make...once i feel i'm being thirsty i fall back.. hardi feel that !!honestly ruth i feel attacked. idk why you retweeted it...do you know how you qualify 4 cl? come on...unretweet thisi feel like there's a word for someone like me who goes on a rant like that whats the wordi feel like i'm wasting my timei hadn't worked out in about a month. that's trash as <bleep>. i feel much better. now the trick is to go tomorrow.no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feelwhen i feel like nobody appreciates me i just remember it's nobody's job to give a <bleep> about me and nobody can <bleep> wilove looking into ppl eyes but i feel uncomfortable when i'm told to look into emexcuse me but i feel attackedi feel so sickwe gotta get better communion wafers. i feel like the body of christ should at least be a pita chip with a hint of garli feel weird being sympathetic or showing affection to othersi feel these are all underrated designers who need more recognition:#gameday! #celtics wizards. game 4, 2-1. it4: "i feel like this is a must win for us" g. green: "we gonna beat th
sometimes i feel like talking all day and other times i don't even want to say a word.
i feel like after midnight a little tick goes off in my brain and announces self destruct mode
nah man i feel we could give him 1 more just to see
i feel guilty everytime you say you miss me.
anyways i understand why lots of ppl were a bit disappointed cause i feel it too, i mean it did not feel like the real end to the series
sorry for adding to my mickey scenes thread so much today guys shsjjs i feel like i've dragged it out for too long i need to just finish it
i feel bad for people who come in and ask me for directions
maybe it's me but i feel like the refs are not working very well during this wiz vs celtics game
lol i feel no type of way about the tweet irdc bout it tbh that jus don't make sense to me
sometimes i feel so alone and <bleep>ty but i remember that i have u guys and a purpose. <bleep> can u all just come give me a
i feel so dead inside it's time lmao
i feel really bad when answer to everyone less me
i feel stupid for liking you.
i feel like i'm in a harry potter movie / <bleep>e world / mary poppins! thank u to for treating us to a spin
sometimes i feel like twitter is a rant spot sometimes i feel is it even worth it?
i'm taller than lil wayne and kendrick lamar. i feel so tall now, even though i'm only 5'7.
that's true! it can be so awesome sometimes but i feel like when we're 'bored' ppl like to create drama for no reason
i feel like i knew nene all my life we be trippin out
lucas just showed back up and the feels i feel #angstyteenagemeisback
uber driver's playing 2008 miley cyrus songs i feel old
the longer i work here, the more i feel the impact of people who don't feel like working hard. don't waste our time please
i feel like cutting my hair
i dont judge. i just say what i feel.
i will forever do wdf i want until i feel like i found somebody worth committing to
i feel like i got finessed.
i'm not sure how i feel about this but should i keep night mode on or nah and keep it plain white?
im laughing so hard i feel so bad but i dont like burritos or myself
i'm tired af like my last off day was on the 24th and i feel it my body feels like its going to shut down
yeah i feel i mean i was into them from 2013-2014 and i had a great time but it honestly got too much for me to the point
lol def not ban, meliodas cool. i feel like the final missing sin might be lit af.
"how is your day going?" i feel like this can mean a lot to people so i like to check on someone when i can
i feel you...
person: i love to consume media for free i feel i deserve better work to consume for free me: ah
i feel you!!
i feel like my stomach is going to explode
i feel sorry for epsilon, they deserve to go to playoffs. but then again so do lg, tough times, what a crazy weekend #cwlproleague
i feel like everything in cat au is too short but if i drag it out it gets boring what do
i feel like i know you better than ever.
i feel so ugh about everything recently lol
oh also i feel like doing an unf spree soon
your my first ever love i will allways love you it hurts so much i feel like the world has ended
this little girl came to my meet and greet and asked me what my name was i feel humbled and kind of star struck by her ??
ggg: "i feel very excited; in september, it will be a different style-a big drama show"
when i feel heavy metal
i feel like shart from eating and drinking so much this week ugh good to be home
(side note: every time i say "veggie table", i feel like i'm doing a really bad impression of an italian saying vegetable
i feel like nohr is akin to germany, hoshido is obviously japan, and valla could be the byzantine empire
'cause this pain i feel it won't go away
did it hurt?! i feel like cause i got my nips i should be fine but ugh thats my mouth man lol
i feel truly hurt
i'm addicted to uploading youtube videos i feel you guys will love
sacramento is honestly such a cool city and i feel like the art, culture and food just keep getting better and better
occasionally i feel like i can scarcely stagger under the load of these 44 years.
i feel sappy, ew who am i???
off to bed. hopin i feel better in the morning
i feel so bad oh no :((
i feel like maybe theyd take inspiration from elo?
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
i feel like sending n**es :/
i feel like <bleep> but thats just cause i woke up hopefully it'll be gone in a few mins
if only i could dhow u how i feel&lt;3 #btsbbmas
i'm starting to think because of health insurance, i may not be able to pursue the job of my dreams. i feel so free in the us...
my last exam is this thursday and my ldoc was last tuesday. why is uncc playing with me like this i feel like i've been here for ages
vato i feel you neta
sometimes i zone out and then when i remember where i actually am i get really depressed and i feel like that's not good
i feel like boost godi feel that hot blood in my body when it dropsmy ex's <bleep>ed my up so bad im not even in a relationship and i feel like i'm gonna get <bleep>ed overi can never explain the <bleep> i feel.as a fellow cancer moon, i feel you :-)i feel sappy af rn who am ii been up all night, no sleep, cause i feel like i'm always working (remix by me)i feel like any restaurant with the word palace in it's name is guaranteed to give you food poisoning.i feel like trusting people and trusting people with your feelings are like two completely different worldsjustin got very emotional every time he sing "life is worth living" i don't know if it's true but this is what i feel #i feel stupid for liking you.i feel that but don't be nervoussometimes i feel like the "cool girl" persona i've crafted on social media has overtaken my real-life personalityi feel sorry for all them <bleep>s you <bleep>in while you for chlamydia smhi feel sick this is sickif you make another <bleep> feel how i feel bout you .. don't worry bout what we ever had !i feel so damn unimportanti feel gross with myselfi feel sorry for any female that get with my baby daddy. that <bleep> always gonna be in love me bihhhh.there's one in austin soon, i feel your paini feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist awardi feel like i need to label my subtweets because people getting offended when it's not even about them lmaoit's nice that zen helps us make a bit of money doing something we love, but i feel like it's going to change the reason why pi did so much eating and drinking this weekend that i feel i'm going to explode!!!i feel as if my youth has suddenly torn away from me as if i've been inhabiting this world for ninety years.i feel pity and sadness for the poor boys childhood.i feel like i'm getting drunk in slow motion today.i can't, i feel too much right nowi feel like a botherwhen i'm with someone i'm actually an amazing person "until" i feel it's not that i thought it was or i'm not treated as i think i shouldi feel like france kind of deserves to get the statue of liberty backi feel like one of drake's 8 teams left in the playoffs will win it all. really stoked for him.i feel u! youre not bad or abusive though ilyi feel like spring day was dedicated to me, therefore, i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmasall emotions i feel towards the rni feel like yall dont wanna talk to me anymore lmaothe only thing i feel is just another pain.i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me againi feel i need time to myselfi feel like a indiana jones, because you are the treasure i am looking for. #aldubxdtbycomplicatedi swear i feel like hontiveros passed the mental health bill because if watching 13 reasons why"oh ok" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i won't tell you because you wouldnt care howi choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejectioni feel like liberals haven't learned their lesson when they're declaring right-populism dead after the fn got their bestlooked over a few league of legends demos and honestly i feel like i could play lol again but who knowsthat's how i feel <bleep> wrong wit these <bleep>soh my god i feel like i'm overreacting about the bahamas thing but it's stressing me out so much at the same time smhi vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist bts on top go army i feel u lolon the way to the store and kourtney says "i can't wait to murder you for n my birthday" i feel so loved thanksi'm insanely excited to see as mister nancy tonight. i feel like i've waited my whole life for this.i feel so bad. you didn't have to do this.i am in charge of how i feel and today i am choosing happiness.i feel so sick, thinking about school <bleep>kkklmao maia gives me <bleep>erflies so bad sometimes i feel like a trickcan someone please fall in love with me ? i feel so lonely ;-; i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. #btsbbmasi dressed up too much so now i feel like i should take my laptop and work in a cafe today. preferably in parisi feel kinda <bleep>ty that i'm not going to cold reads tonight but like... i've got cramps, low <bleep> spoons, and idk if i can get pos. energyi feel unheard and invisible. i'm drowning. i've been drowning, and i just asked for a lifejacket.i feel u. i started growing out my hair and now i just wanna shave it again.when i get stressed about life i get the urge too. i feel youidk why i feel like i'm the only <bleep> in my generation who doesn't flirt/mess around while dating. lol i guess i'm behind afi feel bad for some ppl, forcing themselves to change to impress someone like lmao if you can't be yourself then it's not reali feel like everyone is pregnant here loli feel like i'm going crazyi feel like once you get to the "amen" part of "the lord bless you and keep you" it's just every man for themselvesi love me a pretty brownskin woman i feel like they don't get enough credit..facts! i feel so blessed to have peyton's selfies on my timeline thanks godi feel weird being sympathetic or showing affection to othersya meh... i feel like i didn't party much that night lol.urs is : ur so <bleep>ing pretty, im intimidated by u, i feel like i annoy u, ur funny, cute and dm me anytime like honestly
if you didn't see wiz last night i feel bad for youi feel like that isn't that badi feel uyoure right. should have said often. it does aid them, but sometimes i feel like it takes something away from the new gamei feel my project on the moon landing being faked should not be over 5 minutes longdoes anyone else feel like they are loosing the only people round? if so i feel ya#askharmontown i feel tired. do you feel tired?i hate that i feel like i keep going in the same circlecutting me up like a knife and i feel it deep in my bonesi feel like everybody about to start live tweeting about reality shows so im abt to make my exit.i feel bad for courtney cox she probably got (and still gets) <bleep> jokes made about her.i feel sorry for guns n roses because the who put on such such an amazing and energetic show. it's gonna be though.i feel completely brain dead.playlist is over and i feel like crying again for the 40th time i miss it and i want to reverse timei don't ask for much so i feel like if i ask for it i should get itpaper is [waggles hand side to side] still but i feel slightly better about it. it'll get written, at leasteverytime i watch basketball i feel like hoopingi vote for the #bbmas top social artist award #btsbbmas bts on top didn't vote much i feel guiltyif the ducks make the comeback and win this i feel like edmonton is gonna get a little vancouverish tonightyes, he is. one of many things i feel loved by god is when i become in awe of his creation, a big hallmarkomg i feel so sick,,, makes hitler look like an ok chap ??(not) #civilisationi feel like they are all the same guys and they just cycle through. i mean, who would know the difference?i feel so <bleep>in lazy today444 dt with bro he said "i feel nauseous i need liquor in me"i just yelled random <bleep> words at natalia and anna and i feel bad now <bleep>you're off talking to /him/ again and yet i'm waiting for the past 8 hours on a reply? yeah bc i feel so wanted right now.finally beat #breathofthewild and now i feel empty inside.s/o to my bestfriend for becoming tkes president at kent state! i feel so honored to have a bff like youi feel like an avocado todayi'm trying my hardest not to act how i feel.snap story is exactly how i feel right now and this <bleep> <bleep>s.i feel like i watched this episode before on tv when i used to watch random reruns of it but idk that's why i hate watching stuff on tvyup. i feel you. no doubt.omg i am so tired my eyes keep watering and i feel like crap and i slept in too but on my way to school anywayi feel light years away from every being in a relationship again lol.sacral chakra balancing "i feel" affirmations orange foods (almonds,melon,mango) aromas - jasmine, grapefruit h"i feel like you doctors are a fish out of water in dc, because you're fact based". great opening. .@chucktodd #acslas17 htti feel so stupid sometimes. i wish that i had a louder voice and a stronger will to stand up to <bleep>. #nomoredramahave not been to swiss chalet since i found a chicken skin in their ketchup bottle. that was 1999. not sure how i feel going there tonight.all my beliefs start caving in and i feel something's about to change...????????? i'm not sure how i feel about jack and ashi ?????????????i feel like i got a lot done todaytbh .. i feel like i want a girl in my life but i fell they gone be a distraction to my goali question everything because i feel like <bleep> don't add upi choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejectionthinking about changing my avi to something from p5 but i feel like almost everyone's doing that right now.i feel sorry for women who honestly think that their value decreases with every man that touches them. that's a sad place to livei feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing meomg. i've been getting rid of nic nacs around here but i feel a strong need to own thisi feel like such an idiot. i should've knownonce you bring a kid into this world i feel like it's certain <bleep> you just gotta stop doing.. you got an example to si feel sorry for them
i feel for kandi bc she actually tried to be a good friend to fake <bleep> <bleep>
that's how i feel when ppl compare any current event to a harry potter plot point
i feel like i'm watching something that i ain't got no business watching. #rhoa
once i feel different about u, ur done
i feel miserable
i blocked koreaboo, i feel so achieved
not to sound rude but i feel really cute today uwu
damn i feel like my brother has been gone for months an it's only been a day
i feel so bad about this situation. i hope you find peace. that's nuts. #rhoareunion
me: damn i feel awful i'm not going to school tomorrow me: remembers the ap bio exam :)
i feel like throwing up me pase anoche no mames
it's depressing tbh, after high school i feel so lost. like wtf am i doing in life
when amongst a big group of die hard 45 supporters.i feel like will smith's character in"i am legend"when he lost his dog
i feel so bad for kandi. i can only image the rage she felt. i would want to drag phaedra all through the atl streets.
everything that has happened this week is hitting me like a wall i don't know what to do with myself anymore i feel so weak
i feel like
i feel like <bleep>ing garbage
i'm at the beginning of my dream. i'm finally at the place now, where i feel my true voice is being expressed out of me. #60minutes
what's crazy is i feel like the wizards would matchup better against the cavs but my pride won't let me doubt the celtics
sometimes it's too easy...and i feel shame...not often...but once in awhile...
can y'all just imagine how fights at got7's dorm is or used to be like? i feel like the one always ready to fight over s
for the first time ever, i had a sandwich that had lettuce on it...not sure how i feel about this
n-no, man, i'd never have a chance with her... plus, it's just a crush. with you, i... [gulps.] i feel potential. ... i'm sorry.
i am never jealous of any female and never will be. if i trip on my dude it's because i feel disrespected. never jealous.
i feel stupid and contagious
same <bleep> happening to me i feel like it's a sign saying "run faster"
she really does. this is so low. i don't even like kandi i feel bad about this madness.
conflicted i feel, remorseful even, for always having to work during the sabbath. but i love 2 #wrestle. #prowrestling #
i really only get cute when i feel like it.. otherwise i'm bumming it
i feel like an avocado today
it doesn't fit me 100% well but i feel super cool wearing it hehe :3
i've done this before i feel ya!
i feel the same man.
if there's anyone out there that loves shrek the musical as much as me pls hit me up i feel like the only one
i feel like i'm out of mind
i feel like a parent right now...
"sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel."
i feel so weak bruh
i feel like a dumbass for misspelling betting in the first tweet, i can't snitch now
an angel on earth i feel like crying
i feel like porshae is being used once again
it's one of the first weekends i have went without seeing bae since we started dating i swear i feel like im fixing to die
if you think those hats are <bleep>'s i feel really bad for your wife/girlfriend.
well i'd like to get behind the oilers but i feel like they will leave me as disappointed as the habs
tampons truly are a luxury item just like pearls in fact i feel so luxurious at that time i just use pearls now and feel like a goddess
say <bleep> em all, i'm gon do this <bleep> for me now. how i feel, i need a shrink on speed dial.
sometimes i feel like that yknow
i feel the same way
can everybody please blow her mentions up, because this is just ruthless. i feel for kandi
its so hard to believe that 2019 was born in 2001 and 2020 2002 etc......damn i feel old like
i feel like spring day was dedicated to me, therefore, i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmas
focus is finally getting the recognition it deserves europe come tf thru. i feel so alive and content
i feel like i'm in college when i'm writing a paper and have a starbucks drink next to me tbh
that's how i feel too! have arthritis and bipolar disorder, am disabled.
lol i feel you. i hope there isn't a champion at all frfr. cancel the finals #lakernation
i feel like he's about to say something ignorant
i feel ya
gross does not even describe how i feel
i feel hate with myself in believing ...
i feel like school is already over because i'm done with my ap tests but i still have finals
i feel the pain for the innocent french citizens that will now get barraged with a storm of terrorist attacks. good luck...
i feel disrespected and attacked
#rhoa how i feel about phaedra is kinda like how nene felt bout kim z that's a low down dirty woman with pretend southern belle act on
"do i look dusty? i feel dusty"
i wish my friends are voting for bts too... desperately i voted 500 time in the website. i forgot one day and i feel soo
we gotta get better communion wafers. i feel like the body of christ should at least be a pita chip with a hint of garl
oh ok i feel u.
girlll i still don't know how i feel about that damn wig tbh lol looks cute thoomfg my younger cousin is graduating next year i feel so old t^tman i feel bad for k-rod, he can't close a game, and he doesn't have flow, double whammy. #krod #tigers #bullpenforevercursed #danielnorrisi feel for the french patriots who stuck with marine. they have little hope now. wish we could extract them, and send our l"i feel more like me when i'm with you, than i do when i'm with me."i feel so alonei feel like i happy cry over the littlest things. facebook videos, award shows, engagement photos. i'll sob idek know the people.i feel it comingbut honestly, i feel like that's what "nerd culture" is moving towards.i really haven't looked or felt as good as i feel like i look in these photos in like, 2 months so let me rock real quicksometimes i feel like my life is falling aparti feel stupid for liking you.i feel like he must have gotten a spontaneous invite to go there or smth bc lord knows he would have hinted at it if he knew before handthis new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.monday morning and i feel lovedi feel so bad for kandi that is a real situation u is a business women #rhoai feel so bad for kandi like that's so <bleep>ed up!! #rhoai feel you on this, falling is such a fear with as, took a simple fall once cracked a few vertebrae.finally got my hair braided i feel like odoggyou can only imagine how i feel thank youi don't really like jeans because i feel confined and trapped. that's why i always wear 'inside clothes' literally everywhi feel like im doing something wrong in ffxiv even though im doing my rotation like the guides said tototally. i feel like there's potential for a good mix of people which i don't know how i feel abouttomorrow starts what will be my last week of high school and i'm not sure how i feel about thisi feel like <bleep>porsha i feel you but you put all this stuff together and you still repeated it. u have ur own brain. use it #rhoaharry ain't never gonna follow me i feel so unimportantive spent the last 2 hours watching road rage videos and i really dont know how i feel about hthati love my boyfriend so much and i feel like i don't show it enough and it makes me sadi feel like i'm waiting for something that's not even worth waiting fori feel attackedone day my true friends will be revealed and i feel like that day is getting closer and closeri just realized you're not actually in the bahamas i feel so stupid now thanksi feel like an avocado todaythe womens style feels so limited when it could be so strong. i feel like theyre not utilizing the post-apoc world when it comes thati feel for yo cousin frfri feel so depressed rn. maybe losing my appetite will help ha. no.i feel like this is what twitter would have been like if it existed during flavor of love #rhoai feel so tiredanytime i play #firstdayout its at least 3x in a row. i feel the pain and triumph on that joint. i want to win big!!i feel unstoppabledang i feel bad for both and #rhoai feel bad for all the homeless animals in this rain :(not really. it's average. i feel like 5'1 is short.with this new season of i feel the same way i did 27 years ago: shaking, almost sweating with anticipation.also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!suddenly i feel like i'm going to have a panic attack which will then turn into a month long breakdowni feel sad. so damn hardi feel bad for hertbh i feel like death i'm def gonna skip class tomorrowi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happena few boys just passed me, and one of them was saying that guys sounded f****** amazing though, i feel proud #bapinbudapeinto my sleep, i see things, i hear things, i feel things, real things.i feel extremely sorry for them.swear?! he ain't gotta avi up but i feel he cutei feel bad cos i don't like to make friends and have them be concerned about my personal life, especially not malesi always have to ask myself "do i feel like crying today" before watching greys anatomyi feel like a wasteman chilling without a job, like my life is falling apart.my life has been nothing but ikea furniture and instruction manuals for over 2 weeks. i feel like i'm going insane &gt;.&lt;i forgot to bring lunch and ya boy broke so i'm just gonna chew smoke gum and smoke cigarettes till i feel fulli feel you on this... i think it was more of kelly running up on ol dude.i feel in my family my dad is the only one who loves me and that hurts a lot. everyone just talks <bleep> about meit's not necessary a bad thing or good thing but the thing i feel like if dealing wit me romantical, treat such as such prize.i feel like im getting sicksometimes i feel gabby makes up her spanish but i know zane really doesi feel like a much better mother now that i'm introducing the kids to this beauty. watching the fifth element
omg i feel so weak and gross rn i tried to eat so i hope it goes away
should i feel bad for laughing? probably..
i feel you
"i feel like you doctors are a fish out of water in dc, because you're fact based". great opening. .@chucktodd #acslas17 htt
not anymore. :) i'm so grateful to be medicated. i feel like myself.
does anyone really care how i feel?
when humble comes on, i feel like im in the video
ikno phadrea is in the wrong but i feel so bad for her right now
i feel terrible thinking that way at times, but that's the only positive one can see, eh? ;;
i feel rly bad for ha minho if someone really made that up (n tbh i think they did idt he's stupid enough to do that while on pd101)
i feel like my content this month has been a lot less <bleep>y because i've been in a consistently happy mood. need moar n
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
dust: an elysian tail i feel has wonderful gameplay but 10 year old furry kin character design
i feel like i'm always treated like garbage
i feel like criticizing a soap opera for being a soap opera is kinda of missing the point.
i feel as though you shady i will not speak to you ever again!
i feel like im making progress in losing weight and im actually gaining weight and that makes me sad :(
i'm not throwing stones. there's some olympic level sub-tweeting going today. i feel confused in general right now.
i feel very lucky for all of the amazing people in my life
also imma need the contact info of whoever is laughing cuz nothing about this <bleep> is funny
lmao! she is shady af but i feel like kandi be lowkey dirty too and she act like she never do wrong
i feel extremely sorry! if i heart someone or their sentiments!
i feel like i have
i like how my typo turned into a new word all my friends use sugh now (definition: sigh + ugh) its great and i feel popular
i feel sad for 'frick frack' though, there was something childlike and unabashed about that friendship. #rhoa
sally yates i feel is going to hailed as the one who sunk the first arrow i think, when they teach this in school in a few decade
i feel like i am on a <bleep>ing cloud, i am so happy. thank you and mother earth
i feel like i'm out of my mind it feel like my life ain't mine
if i had 300k in student loans, i feel like the only option is to fake my death and start my life over.
i need tekken dammit, i feel like an immate carving numbers into the wall
i want to see hb wear more denim im tired of the same black pants and jeans i feel like he only has 2 pairs and wears them 24/7
i feel it still goes back to kandi spilling all of phaedra's secrets in the beginning of the season. phaedra was lowkey hurt
it's really hard for me to express how i feel to someone.. especially if they hurt me
i really needed this weekend with my friends, i feel so much better
i feel like all keri washington is in a constant state of crying, or on the verge of it. #scandal
as i approach 65, i feel it is important that restaurants in nyc develop a dine and dash rule for seniors. where we get a 3
words can't describe how thankful and blessed i feel right now
i feel sad
i don't know how i feel about an american adaptation of death note. it's weird.
when im around people i feel like my value goes down. not on no <bleep>hole <bleep> lol. but people treat you regular..
i feel so lazy on off days
i feel like my brain is being hit by 20 razor scooters at the same time
i feel like if your a travis scott fan and your favorite song is antidote then your not a fan
in any big city to be honest. i feel your pain.
i feel so comfortable and safe with brandon. like wow, he really loves me and i know it!
i am so sick about this mr. chocolate. i feel like they've been talking about him for 3 seasons.
this video has me crying. "harry eat my <bleep>" "louis we know you're gay" and harry styles <bleep>ing followed him.
i'm gonna continue soon ... i was just eating some buffalo wild wings i feel fat my uncle and aunts all said take it eat it
i feel so bad for isaiah. ainge needs to get him some help
i feel like my phone shouldn't be this dry
i feel bad for his kids. what a tool.
hey babe! i feel touched u still remember my bday! tho our bday is only a day apart thanks so much hows life btw?
you don't have to agree with me tweets. just saying how i feel
i'm watching frozen and i feel like a mormon pre-teen.
i feel an emma song coming on, i'm so ready #onceuponamusical #onceuponatime
i want this 4 isaiah thomas but i feel if washington was to face cavs they could have a chance to possibly upset them shock the nba
wait, hold up a minute! i thought you were a vampire!! i feel so betrayed!
"yeah, i feel like it's really an ogrekill." adrien says. marinette stares at him in shock, then immediately punches him i
woo-hoo! i'm so excited i feel like taking off all my clothes~
i feel bad cause noah is a good singer but just doesn't have miley's stage presence and the ability to work a crowd
i feel that im not enough and that im annoying to every1 who surrounds me
i feel bad for isaiah
i feel like should be a main-eventer, not enhancement talent.
me too. i feel bad because i want to help, but stop asking for the love of god
i feel like i've been driving all day
yet as an individual i feel like a foreigner in all 3 countries, where i am usually told to go where i come from.
i ate so much and now i feel ugly
i feel fit :-) today i took 18761 steps, burned 4802 calories, and travelled 8.48 milesi feel like the save function in the game might just be a lie.when my accent comes out i feel like 11 years of learning the english language failed mei feel it still goes back to kandi spilling all of phaedra's secrets in the beginning of the season. phaedra was lowkey hurtsunday, at sunset, i catch up on handmaid's tale. hulu has crafted a masterful, horrifying portrayal. "i feel like the word shatter."what's crazy is i feel like the wizards would matchup better against the cavs but my pride won't let me doubt the celt"i feel so alone and i crave attention and want people to talk to me" *locks account and signs off everything*i feel bad for people who hate themselves so much they feel like they have to put others down just to get through the dayi have a niece now i feel bad for the future men who dare to <bleep> with her. i will take pride in being that uncle. htt/ i feel like it's warning. ill take it and just quietly stan jimin's looks then.i feel the same way, people are sorry to hear about my dad, but i've seen more when people have lost a momi feel your pain ploratus. i feel your pain .honestly i feel so bad bc i was so high yesterday but i don't even remember half the things that happenedstill trying to understand how i feel about you.i feel like the sign of the times video is going to be a mini moviethat's amazing i feel cultured nowme: i feel so inspired im gonna write something me 5 mins later: <bleep> this ima just be a trophy wife insteadi feel so alive for the very first time i can't deny you i feel so alive i feel so alive for the very first time and i thi feel weird saying cornrows grew up always saying cainrowi feel like <bleep>ika- i feel horrible. kevin- dont. it's good tv. ika- it would have been good if you didnt use it #bbcan5i feel so <bleep>ing stupidi feel <bleep>ty todayi'm boutta throw everything i just ate all the way tf up i feel it cominghope by some miracle i get lucky in #sdcc #hotelpocalypse tomorrow but i doubt it (i feel town and country)this would have done it if she asked me to put my hands in, then got tim hortons, so i feel like i got a lot of ca...i feel like an avocado todayi feel like the only one who likes to black out my room and game with only one lamp and otherwise darkness. xdwhen i take off my competition makeup i feel like i go from a 9 to a 2since this is my "friday", i feel as though a new episode of #ghostbrothers needs to come on (ijs)in here listening to carl thomas summer rain i feel like tone right nowfun fact: i will get super upset over something but when you ask me about it i'll say it doesn't matter bc i feel like i'm being stupidwhen i get my nails done i feel like i have my entire life togetheranswered 2 of my questions. i feel like we are friends nowi feel like dying.i make my nose and <bleep> piercings match i feel classy as helli feel like cranes in the skydoes grumpy always announce when curses are "here"? i feel like he does it a lot. #onceuponamusicali feel like i am gonna lose you....i feel slightly car sick o boyi feel betrayed.i wish someone knew how i feel and just got mei feel like some <bleep> going on with that she doesn't want to discuss around the ladies.i feel fortunate to be able to sit safely in my own back yard near a fire while reading a book on a pleasant sunday evening.salty doesn't even begin to describe how i feel rni hate growing out my eyebrows because i feel uglyyou good dawg!?!?!?!? in here listening to carl thomas summer rain i feel like tone right nowi feel really guilty because so many people battle to stay alive and i want to die as soon as possible. <bleep>ed up for sure.i really wish i'm good at telling how i feelits ok im enjoying it i feel special for once ahahahi feel like i'm about to mf explodeoops. although i feel pretty confident that you're not on her list.
once i feel different about u, ur done
i know i'm not ugly :/ but yet i feel like i'm the ugliest person in the world
#rhop aww i don't think ashley is being messy, i feel like she means well and wants the best for her friends.
that's how i feel john.
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i feel like i've put so much effort and energy into people who "aren't ready"
i get so many complements(?) form todays clip! it was hard to play that, but when i see your comments and the love you share
i feel like a <bleep>, and all i can do is... feel it. #justinbbmas
i feel so alone at times.. like damn
i feel like you are meant to sleep with the puzza delivery guy if you cant pay....or so <bleep> says lmao
i enjoy these more i feel like re-drawing all of you because your sona's are so if i do yeah
i feel the best of
i feel like 7/10 youtubers have the same aesthetic when it comes to bedrooms and apartments and stuff like that
i feel tipsy .m
this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.
i feel motionless in white would be like a haunted house
they say i got the juice, but all i feel is strained and drained
i feel u my <bleep> sacii, keep going in....uh, uh, uh
i feel like when i don't have on makeup my eyes are so huge
damn, i feel like every <bleep> types like ian
sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.
i feel like this tweet/moment is going to be evergreen. 10 years from now it'll still be exactly like this, no matter what son it is
but now i feel like ima be up all night!
me: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel better
omg que linda i feel like i annoy you whyy
still trying to understand how i feel about you.
i feel like an avocado today
ready to stop breast feeding but i feel guilty
i hate growing out my eyebrows because i feel ugly
i feel like i have to put out a press release every time i upload a video now because piss babies don't know how to not say something.
i put <bleep> aside in my life to deal wit u. soo u don't deserve an explanation for why i left. thas how i feel, ya heard me.
oilers with seven goals so far, but no points for mcdavid. i feel the hottiest of hot takes forthcoming from some people.
thats how i feel
*sends video of me jammin out singing while ethan's driving* manda's reply "i feel so bad for ethan"
i feel like if i were a boy i'd have a chode
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again
i feel so miserable
every sunday i put off going to church i feel like things just keep getting worse.
some conversations are uncomfortable yet necessary . ion hate nobody but i feel we all need to understand one another a li
i love the music that explains exactly how i feel.
i feel like i'm going to pass out lmao. who knew arguing with elitist children who lie constantly could be so tiring
i feel like my 9 hour shift at one job drains me more than my 11/12 hour shift at my other job
yeah, i'm close to dropping gh too. i'll see how i feel after the nurses ball.
i live here and never heard of the elephant i feel bad im sad
i see now i did. i feel so proud as a single mom it wasn't easy but i see everything worked out for the best so far
i feel like i annoy everyone
i feel like the worst part about the whole thing for the victims was that during the kidnapping trial, the kidnapper brought a knife&gt;
i feel rly bad for ha minho if someone really made that up (n tbh i think they did idt he's stupid enough to do that while
i feel so blessed to have been present for first viewing of love actually.
don't even know why i try explaining how i feel i get <bleep> in return.
some many people give me things for free. i feel bad i don't know how to repay them...i always houtout those and say thank you
i love to cry. i feel so much better afterwards. jesus makes my heart happy, i'm glad i came to church.
i feel the exact same way! and you're welcome, i hope you're able to! it's worth the hour!
i feel like the only one that remembers justin bobby
i'm such a great friend i feel bad for anyone who ever loses me as a friend lol
i feel for women who think they're morally superior for being complicit towards a system that wouldn't spit on them if t
if i share my food with you i feel like we have some kind of bond cause i never share my food
sometimes i feel very disconnected from the world
i go to riddim shows so i feel like someone is killing me haha!!!!
"i feel the sharp reality more every day" i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist award
god i havent been on here in months i hate twitter i feel claustrophobic on here somehow lmao
you hate me because i love myself? wow. i feel bad for yall.
lingo kids use these days. i feel like a granny
i'm really over it lol like i don't even go looking for you no more. i don't go on your social media stuff. nada. i feel no need. 0.
i know i shouldn't have done that... but when i talk to him i feel better
i feel like lebron james has the perfect life
idek why i feel this wayi feel so attacked lol i love going to targeti feel u, i have a love/hate relationship with the first season, can't quite put my finger on iti feel like i'm watching days of our lives. this is so cringe! #bbcan5"i feel like you don't call me back" "that's because i don't call you back" nadine is my hero #madamsecretaryi feel like crapi used to dream of getting to this point, but now that i'm watching mal's relationship with his bf fall apart i feel awfulwhen i feel down i always know watching a "9 time gordon ramsay liked the food" video always cheers me upi feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armi feel bad i feel like ginobili's going to calapse"i feel like it's like easier to be a drug dealer nowadays you know bc you can just like venmo them"i feel so badddddd aaaaaaaa please feel better :(how do you think i feel knowing i'll be 23 when you're still 21thank god france didn't elect that anti-semite nazi woman. i'm actually fluent in french so i feel a very strong connectioi feel sorry for your hot food having cold ketchup on itit ain't ah secret i got bands i feel like you worth iti feel so bad for isaiah. ainge needs to get him some helpmy skin is glowing, hair is growing, my tummy is getting flatter and booty is getting fatter. i feel on top of the world rn #selflovesometimes i feel like i've forgotten how to lovei feel like i'm out of my mind, feel like my life ain't minei feel like breaking down, but even that i have no time foromg but i love the charming movie aspect, i feel i'd get the comedy and the action from it,i feel like the joke should've ended with her pulling out the teacup. that was enough. #mtvawardsi feel ya they 2 muxhi feel car sicki hate to admit it cause y'all know how i feel about the little mermaid but 13 was so lit and i'm really depressed rn.oh you know i did it it's over and i feel fine nothing you could say is gonna change my mind #foofightersi feel so disgusted in my stomach i cure it with this liquori feel so unlovedi feel so lost these daysi feel like i'll be right.i feel ya bffi feel attackedstill trying to understand how i feel about you.i feel like an avocado todaythis should've happened. regina should've been dancing with her soulmate robin. #onceuponamusical i feel betrayed. ti feel that was obvious. the guy bought a guy the episode before and hid it after the shootingi ate too much candy and now i feel sick. i forgot how bad that depannuer life is!!!girl i feel u my mom said there only for choloscurrent 24/7 i adoooore all the new music, i feel like aand i feel invincibleppl complain about my texting skills but i feel like i text tf back even if it's someone i rather ignorei feel like liberals haven't learned their lesson when they're declaring right-populism dead after the fn got their bestme: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel betteroahu, you always treat me like a star! i love it here in honolulu! i feel like a brady! please come see me this saturdi was just told they don't have fresh pineapple at rouses and asked if i want a canned version.. i feel really attacked and disgustedi had liver again tonight. i feel powerful. (look, i realize this isn't good twitter content, but this is the wall i talk to.)most of the time i feel like i comment too much on other peoples stuff, but then other times im like my commentary is golden, be blessed"i feel like this is symbolic." me, about everything, starting to annoy myself.how i feel rni feel like when people are home i'm always worried about what they're doing or if i'm being too loudso many people being hoseoked after #btswingstourinmanila listen i feel y'all so hardi feel like a genius right now i don't know what to do.my ex just sent me a weird photo idk how i feel rni love how alive i feel i really don't need, nor do i want anyoneever have one of those times where you are being attacked on all fronts? yeah that's how i feel right now. ready for a break!oh they are so special i have changed my mind let every dirt bag come on in free heathcare housing and food omg i feel so specialbeen extra for the past two selca days hahahahahaha i feel so sillyand everything i feel for you i wrote down on one piece of paper the one in your hand eat jin bts on top #btsbbmasi feel this on a spiritual level.oh ok i feel youwe gotta get better communion wafers. i feel like the body of christ should at least be a pita chip with a hint of garli feel bad for phadera now because they fired her now this is what we gone remember while we gotta see kandi ugly <bleep> staff all the timei feel stupid for liking you.i have hard drives filled of unreleased visuals but idk how to put it out there cuz i feel like posting them on ig or here is a waste
im not going to bc i feel like you think this is a game like this is comical or something
i feel like i'm he only girl who don't really like super tall guys
i feel like going somewhere.
once i feel different about u, ur done
i feel so bad for paige she has to deal with my <bleep> everyday
i feel like i know you to
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
thats so bad. i feel like it was a show that could just really negatively affect someone who is dealing with mental illnes
justin got very emotional every time he sing "life is worth living" i don't know if it's true but this is what i feel #
i feel like being a blues fan is a tough beat.
i feel bad for people whose main priorities in life revolve around and alcohol. life is so much more than that
i feel like such an adult. i ironed all my clothes for the week.
still trying to understand how i feel about you.
i feel vulnerable during earthquakes and sandstorms
im too shy to tell you how i feel, and i'm afraid if i ask you "what do you think of me?" your reply will be "i dont."
i'm so proud of the little hood rat turned out to be. i feel like a proud mom
i feel sad and empty and exhausted
i feel like that male penguin that fought for his wife back her thot <bleep> still chose the other foo.
yes, he is. one of many things i feel loved by god is when i become in awe of his creation, a big hallmark
every time i see a photo of nicki minaj i feel imaginary roaches crawling my skin and i get so itchy
out of body, that's just how i feel when i'm around you shawty
i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist award. i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back home
i don't fck with beverley but as a man having lost so much in life, i feel for him.
ikr i feel like my heart would burst
been doing good lately but i feel a relapse...
but i feel like she isn't used to having money. like... she just got money. save, baby, save.
i can't help but to b naturally blunt, u will kno how i feel, ion hold my tongue for nobody when things need to b said
i feel like an avocado today
i feel emotionally drained
issue 4 was ok. i hope richard actually gets his own series: i feel like the focus is more on sam . maybe that's why it was cancelled #nova
i feel like be self proclaiming yourself as humble you aren't humble
a part of the exchange. facebook has those granular settings so twitter could do the same. i feel foolish turning tweet protection on (4/7)
i understand. i don't have a scale on how i feel about christians/strangers either. pretty much all the same.
i am incharge of how i feel and today im choosing happiness. #aldubxdtbycomplicated
i may not hv the best grade but ive learned a lot for the last 4 years. yes i feel a bit disappointed in my grades but ive achieved so much
sometimes i feel that i deserve no one because i'm honestly a hard person to understand and people will always get tired of me
even though i woke up late, it's been such a productive day. i feel proud of myself!
i feel your pain skinny
i feel sick to my <bleep>ing stomach
i feel like when uzi said "think me future <bleep>ed on the same twins" he was talking about simi haze
i feel so bad for not going to the hc achievement banquet.
i feel as if he the type of guy to season it first
i feel like we build our lives on saying "one day" instead of "right now." what do you do when run out of "one days" and why not now?
i forgot to vote on the website only one day, but i feel so t__t about it lmao
it's alright though , i feel confident about game 5 back at boston
real recognizes real i don't even have to say how i feel, you already know the deal
me: i feel like i annoy u person: *reassures me i dont annoy them* me: waddup my name's jared im 19 and i never learned h
lol wait. why do i feel like he was pressuring this little black girl to take a pic. "let's just do this and get it over with"
i feel like real queens know how to keep they king in check
i feel like ouat could've ended their show without marrying killian to emma. maybe with emma being happy being emma w/her family?
i feel soooo good.
karen makes my skin crawl and i feel like her husband and kids feel the same way!! #rhop
i feel sick.
i feel like crying seeing everyone going to concerts/fanmeetings and actually seeing the boys, while i seriously have zero cha
i feel the temperature rising..
thank you. i feel the love....
my job is paying me to eat steak and shrimp skampi rn i feel like i'm doing college wrong
i feel like everyone just wants to piss me off
i feel like my electricity bill is going to be super high because i've been playing with my guys online on the xbox all weekendi can't think of a word to describe how i feel about nyc trains. but i'm ready to fighti feel guilty everytime you say you miss me.lord knows i'm blessed sometimes i feel cursedi feel like there's something missing in my life and i don't know if it's a person, a puppy, or a burrito. #foreveraloneso much has happened and such little time. i feel like i'm living in dog years #first100days #next100days #resistyes i feel like their engagement party was rushedstill trying to understand how i feel about you.i feel you on the studying though. i'm so close but the workload is craaaazy haha.not gonna lie , i feel pretty broke insidewithout you, i feel broke.i just played football for 4 straight hours, i feel like i got 0 problems in the worldhas anyone made a trump build the wall joke yet? cause i feel like that would be a really funny original jokelistening to my president stimulated my brain! i feel like we've all been dumbed down the last 3 months! #barackobama #profii feel you..when i try to use slang, i feel like the adults in movies who try to sound "hip" to relate with their kidsi feel sorry for you, then9/10 i feel like i be bothering ppl, that's why i don't really be texting no more. i feel like if ppl wanted to talk, thi feel like this turned into an intervention. #rhopi feel that i could be free i had to.i can't help but to b naturally blunt, u will kno how i feel, ion hold my tongue for nobody when things need to b saidi feel like an avocado todayi stopped giving a <bleep> about a lot of things and i feel much better nowi feel like <bleep> but i'm gonna try to get thru work tonight... 7am come soon pleasethe perfect gif! i feel u. missing him a lotoh in pdx today, "i only shop at three stores: anthropology, gap, and jcrew. i feel brand loyalty." friend's response:in a room full of failure i feel out of place.i hate that i feel like i disappoint peoplelord knows i'm blessed but sometimes i feel cursedsometimes i feel that i deserve no one because i'm honestly a hard person to understand and people will always get tired of meindescribable amount of love in these photos. i feel so incredibly lucky looking back on these four years. thank you theatrsome conversations are uncomfortable yet necessary . ion hate nobody but i feel we all need to understand one another a lii feel so unhappy.i knoww, i feel like i'm barely breaking the surface. so much to learni feel the same about....i bet you thought i was gonna say <bleep>s....nope....tits.i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel like charisse and giselle are doing the same <bleep> ashley did by bombarding robyn with the juan bs! #rhopmmmmmmm... i want you youre <bleep>y daaaaammmnnn sweetie mmmm theres no words how i feel right nowi feel lonely nowi feel like four in general is such an underrated album like everyone forgets about it but it truly was their best album imoit's so much i could say, but i feel like there is no point so i won't waste my time.i feel you bi watch friends so much i feel like i'm an actual part of their friend groupi know they r so tired. but they have time to tweet for them. can i call this unfair? i feel so immature nowdoes making fun of other people boost up your ego? i feel sorry for those who had to reevaluate themselves just because ppl mai feel very bad for the people around him. there's a lot of patriots who can't just quit. must be horrible.emma and batb won today i feel so blessedy do i feel queasy 24/7 yuck
if you didn't see wiz last night i feel bad for you
after bashing 6 rounds of friday's appetizers. me: "food was good, but i feel fat!" waitress: "well you are fat!" #welcome
lmao i feel
i feel like i just be talking his ears off i don't think he cares tho
i feel like they were probably going for a pink panther sort of theme but tried to make it darker?
when i feel like nobody appreciates me i just remember it's nobody's job to give a <bleep> about me and nobody can <bleep> wi
wow i just realized how alone i feel
no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feel
i feel you 100%. i'm literally only downloading it to watch regina's parts.
i feel like a chip on my shoulders.
been listening to redbone on repeat all night and i feel good
i feel like if we dedicated time tonight we could have. we only checked exhibit a
im feeling depressed right now...i feel like i have no one in this world. ahh what's the point ... :/
my mood is <bleep> , my project is <bleep> , and now i feel like <bleep> my stomach is turning . yay
i feel so blessed that oliver and felicity are played by and - they are the reason i <bleep> ship
i know i just changed the bot name but i kinda wanna change it again to skubot , idk i feel like the should have the word bot in it
i feel bad for you if your mom isn't your best friend
i feel like i'm in heaven
: i feel like you stare at yourself in the mirror all the time
i just had an anxiety attack for the first time ... i feel awful for people who get that often that was scary
i feel ya..i've been wanting to start painting again
i feel like i'm watching the #sopranos and not #billionsseasonfinale
i feel so unloved
i feel like there are so few saturdays but so many sundays
but i don't want him to get together w pamela even though he said this bc i feel like that would ruin it somehow am i the only one
i've showered 3 times today, and i feel extremely clean !
i can't help but to b naturally blunt, u will kno how i feel, ion hold my tongue for nobody when things need to b said
i feel the nostalgia
i'm such an emotional person i feel like i might cry at graduation
i feel the same way i can't thank them enough love you bangtan !! i vote for for top soc
i feel the pain again
i feel like there's all these expectations for me to live up to and i'm tired of it
i feel like i'm just wasting my feelings on someone who doesn't value them
yeah i feel you, you know how many issues i have and can barely hold my job.
i don't tell u how i feel cause i know it's not my place
played 3 the audition songs and no one guessed it... i feel old and sad you guys dk good tunes... :/
sometimes i feel that i deserve no one because i'm honestly a hard person to understand and people will always get tired of me
i feel so good about this sub-genre
my mother took in the stars, i wonder if raine has their eyes, even though i feel better, you could talk to wear glasses
i feel so drained
i feel so bad don't get wrong.. but it's just too funny
jack chuckled a bit. he nodded and stashed the cuffs away. "yeah. i feel ya there. it is...."
i feel like i said too much honestly
im stressed out beyond belief i feel like i'm gonna pass out
i feel like the spurs are playing better than the rockets, but are down because ryan anderson keeps hitting those time
i feel so cute today
i feel bad seeing our babies looking like this. ugh. what's fame if they arent even healthy
if you've gone this long in life without me taking a portrait of you then i feel sorry for you
i feel like don't nobody wanna talk to me
: i feel like we had the potential to be good friends but we just never saw each other like that
i feel regenerated
that's how i feel about turning 25. like where does the time go s/o to your genes bc i wouldn't guess you were 25
i feel anxious and i don't know why miss han don't ask i don't know why but i love you
a travis scott concert is something i feel like everyone should experience at least once in their life.
i feel like my life is just always going downhill
i feel like i've put so much effort and energy into people who "aren't ready"
i get stressed out when i feel relaxed bc like why am i relaxed that's uncalled for during finals week or just anytime in life
i just wanna cry my eyes out im so drained so tired of life i feel alone
i feel so offended when ppl do not pick up my ft calls, like how dare you
why do i feel like u did it on purpose
<bleep>ange probably crying in a corner right now. i feel bad for those ecuadorian embassy workers if they have to console him.
sometimes i feel like this
when i'm with you i feel like a championi feel like i'm at a point in my career where i should start mentoring someone.i feel bad for acting like a <bleep> but if that's the way you're going to treat me don't be surprised when i do the samei feel completei feel like it all sounds th same? esp their song with coldplay it sounds so much like closeri feel the most broken on a sunday, when i am reminded that another week begins without uif i ever distance myself from you it's probably because i feel like you're going to leave me anywayswhenever i visit chapel hill i feel like such an underachieveri feel like life would be so much easier if i were a hippie. might just have to be the career path i pursuei feel stupid for liking you.forgot to post this earlier but i've gone 4 weeks without a cigarette today, i feel <bleep>in greati feel really uncomfortable in my own skin atm.. thinking about the people i let exploit me a long time ago, feels like im on thin icei truly do not have the energy or motivation to do anything anymore like. i cant believe how drained i feel this isn't even reali honestly don't know how i feel..i miss so many people things moments that some days i feel like i'll never make it throughthis new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.i feel like i have no purpose in life anymore......life ruinedi feel like i can hear indiana being a crappy state from here.i wanna make somebody son feel like how i feel when i listen to love songs.i mean, me too for my pronouns. but i feel like as a trans person i should be better.that's about how i feel with myself and puyo, i can at most get 6 chains provided i'm not being stupid with setting it upi feel this spirituallyso yea. feeling good about myself. even though i feel disgusting and gross cause bubblegutsi feel so bad for people who go through hell with their relationships. it'll get better, if it's meant to be it will be. i promisei "feel" it was rigged, however another term ofi feel like this is gonna be a thing i repeat every sunday but man american gods is a cool, well-made, good show.i feel goodi use to wanna fight everything .. but now i feel like you not worth my timewhen i tell y'all i have the best, best friends ever i really do i feel like sometimes i rlly don't deserve them at all much lovei feel so emptystill trying to understand how i feel about you."i feel like i'm in a womb"i leave for vegas in four days. i can't decide how i feel yet.i feel bad for who catch this wrath.today i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of lovemy parents were ""protecting"" my age lol omg i feel so creepy now lolololol omgi gotta get my life in order, i feel like december will be here real sooni feel great no one can take that from mei feel you. that's me with facebook, which is why i end up deactivating for days on end.some girl passed her flag up during louisville for the front row to hold and we just dropped it. i feel bad but like ??me: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel betterno matter what they say about you nobody won't change how i feel about youi feel so bad now like i hope edwin knows that we still wish he was a jay that we're still big fans ectsome guys are so cute and i wanna tell them theyre so cute but i feel like if i did they would feel weird or think i was hitting on themthe notifications on my apple watch are now just work emails and calls/sms. i feel like a whole new man.i feel so tired and hungryi feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armoh my god i feel so <bleep>ing bad for him this is so <bleep>ed upif we aren't friends i feel bad for you because i'm freakin hilariousi feel so bored bts on top i've decided to vote for for the #btsbbmas for top social artist awardi feel like laughing but bg having the time of his life rnart giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! goi feel like god is testing me.i feel like i'm being interrogated lmao) because out of all the shinee members he would usually get a lot attentioni feel cheatedi hate crying and opening up to others about how i feeli feel so bad for my mom i kno she inly wants to chat with me but im so <bleep>ing introverted i cantbeen pretty busy these past couple weeks and i feel like i'm neglecting people when not getting back right awaywhy do i feel like lara has involvement?? #billionsseasonfinalei feel like <bleep>.
i feel! bad!
he loves all of us and now? i feel lost and hurt. i miss you
the same way guys feel about women liking <bleep>holes, is the same way i feel about most men liking psychos...
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
damn i feel you true
so many people around me yet i feel so alone
how i feel getting up in morning!
i get so many complements(?) form todays clip! it was hard to play that, but when i see your comments and the love you share
sometimes i won't like somebody's pic on ig just bc i feel like they don't 'need' it like girl you already got 23 likes i
i feel u ))): omg dm me tho i wanna know how it was!!!!
for some reason, i feel so bad
i would mind! i feel like they're <bleep>ualizing you and you're so young :/
i wanna make somebody son feel like how i feel when i listen to love songs.
i feel like all finals should be optional. if i'm passing the class, what else do i have to prove? just let me go in pea
i don't know how i'll face the lady who told me to have a blessed week last sunday. i feel like i failed her.
me too omg i'm hooked like i feel personally attached to each trainee nzjqhaajskw i cry when they cry idk
sometimes you just need to let out a good ol fashion "fuck you, <bleep>" to all your haters. i feel much better now htt
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
all track, just because i feel trippy
i feel bad for whoever is sitting next to him.
i feel like i'm out of my mind it feel like my life ain't mine
i feel like you're kindness is under appreciated, one of the nicest people i know , and hows the season ?
someone once characterized an award show as "an apocalypse of vanities". i feel
how i feel around you
i feel you shando lol
i feel like the worst person alive
i can't help but to b naturally blunt, u will kno how i feel, ion hold my tongue for nobody when things need to b said
i feel gooddttt
wow i feel like a pig ..
i rejected oomf bc i had a boyfriend now i feel bad bc i'm manless
so glad there is a delay tomorrow because i feel like <bleep>
i wantto talk to more mutuals but i feel like all y'all have me muted and/or highkey hate my repetitive twts kfdkkcck
i feel like the rockets dont miss threes
i feel so empty.
i feel like i can't win
i feel that by season 5 of hunter x hunter everyone just wanted to draw cool <bleep> animals and bugs
i feel you luv
i feel like a seaside city after the vikings have left
lately i feel so tired to deal and be nice to people who always treat me like a trash even im always try to treat them lik
i feel it, i've been trying to finish my italian and i keep taking breaks because i just don't understand what to do.
i feel like liberals haven't learned their lesson when they're declaring right-populism dead after the fn got their best
i feel like on twitter i either don't have anything to say or i say too much. there's no happy medium with me
installed curtain rods and curtains. i feel like a real adult.
i feel this on so many levels brother
i'm not the best at advice.. i'm sorry. i want to be there for all my friends but sometimes i feel i can't and ugh
ya i feel it's hard to make time for both families
lol i feel u extra on dis
i own so much clothes, yet i feel like i only use half of it ...
i don't know what to do i feel like i'm going to die
i feel sorry for people who don't have their mom as their bestfriend
i feel i'm feeling i'm chilling i'm living my life.
i feel so oddly unsatisfied today
i feel like america keeps getting fouled and the refs aren't calling it.
in my heart i feel fire fuego
i feel strange here
me and my sister will be having a nice conversation and then she just never replies back.... i feel loved fo sure
i only text back the ppl i feel like texting back
i feel so sick
i feel like running away honestly life <bleep>s
its kind of how i feel about nba playoffs. dont know how i'll remain sane once the playoffs are over.
i feel like buying kyu's last single album... but how much is it :((((awwww baby girl's got the hiccups i feel themi'm voting for for the #btsbbmas top social artist i feel so far awayrn i've been using the 2 in 1 milani foundation but idk how i feel about itspurs need some youth athletic bigs.i feel like i say that annuallyi feel bad for letting you treat me like a trash. i know i deserve better definitely not from you.you make so upset sometimes i feel like i get lose my mindi feel like chief keefi just finished one tree hill and i feel like i'm going through a break upi literally just ate a hole bowl of pozole and i feel like i'm going to explode but my fat <bleep> really wants moreyo guys i feel really goodidk, but if you are. it's a girl (if not your next one will be). i feel it.how do i feel right now? i want a chocolate milkshake.i'm still not over the fact that lucki said "i feel like a wok-star" cmon nowi feel completely deadme trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel a transitioni feel like every nba playoff game is close or a 20+ point blowoutwth why do i feel like thisi don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli feel u my dudehaha so today went terribly and i deeply hope that was the lowest point of this week cause <bleep> i feel like a crumby human rn lolas an hispanic natural born u.s.citizen i feel betrayed by my own country #sb4 = racism/discrimination against people like me.i feel like i'm as replaceable as a fish dyingif you were exposed and you were my homie smh idk i'm trying to calculate how i feelion like telling mutha <bleep>as how i feelmaaaan, you were hiding goodies on ig bruh! i feel late to the game. #tootsies #toesandsolesthat's how i feel in a nutshellhaven't gone to the gym in 2 weeks i feel so grosseveryday i feel like trying less and less :)lord knows i'm blessed but sometimes i feel cursedi wanna make somebody son feel like how i feel when i listen to love songs.i feel like this is all a stunt to create new storylines and introduce new characters to keep those tv checks rollingi feel this u,u lol oh god do i feel this in my bonesi feel like the world is against me when it comes to boys.rlly need to work w my patience coz <bleep> is piling up and i feel like i cant be bothered anymorewhy do i feel the sudden urge to work out as hard as i can at 3 am? trevante rhodes, that's why.when i look into the eyes of an animal i do not see an animal. i see a living being. i see a friend. i feel a soul... htand we had a great day out at westerlands stirling looking for ,, the dig conti miss everything real about you and that's everything about you that's just how i feel about youthe things i feel.....nobody could ever understand...i feel like watching bad girls clubyou're welcome. now i feel like watching all the shows he's been in...i feel like if you define yourself by your race, gender, <bleep>ual orientation, etc. first, you're damn ignorant.i just wanna cry my eyes out im so drained so tired of life i feel alonei feel like guys are so judgmental now a days. and are always looking for the perfect woman. no one is perfect!i feel so gross and horrible todayi feel so stupid for believing you honestly.summer 17 ab to be the best i feel iti feel bad for a laughing jddjd <bleep>c she didnt do anything mans didnt have to push her so hardi feel free when i see no one and no body knows my namei feel like most people get more attractive as they get older but i think age is having the opposite effect on mei feel good baby i feel great whi cares if we go crazy
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist
i feel you. sometimes you just gotta let them know straight up.
i feel drained of my powers.
the way i feel for you will always be the same, just as long as your love don't change.
hahaha i feel like it has too
i feel the most broken on a sunday, when i am reminded that another week begins without u
the amount of frustration in this tweet i feel you, may.
coz i feel like a bad joke blah blah blah
this guy say he'll come to me but im so anxious i feel bad
i feel that :-/ it just <bleep>s bc i've deadass been like this all year lmao
i feel like i should date a scorpio but also that might be so bad
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
whoa. i barely got on twitter at all this weekend. not sure how i feel about this
lately i feel like i need more alone time and more self appreciating cuz yep, go get yo self sum food waffles
aliya is a really good friend n i feel like i do not appreciate her enough, not 2 get s*ft but i am rly thankful
i feel like #rhoa has nowhere to go after this
tomorrow starts what will be my last week of high school and i'm not sure how i feel about this
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i'm blem for real i might just say how i feel
i feel sick
i feel you bro
porsha: i feel stupid. lauren: i know. #rhoa lol!
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
a1: i feel like raises a vital pt. urban kids are often just chalked up to be <bleep>umed to be traumatized. (cont.) #caedchat
i feel like an avocado today
funny thing is everything this chick is saying about dems n liberals i feel same frustration with her party and mindset ::
i feel like i was just put in time out
omg i feel so blessed
i feel you. i am feeling the same.
really wish you wouldn't of moved, i feel like we'd be real cool but you looked live for prom
can i go to the louvre though??? i feel like i'd totally be in awe.
i feel like liberals haven't learned their lesson when they're declaring right-populism dead after the fn got their best
i feel like you shouldn't hurt others just because of you hurting but it's definitely good to get help but hard to do
then you wouldn't know a single thing about how i feel about you and all those really dumb things people feel
me and bae haven't had <bleep> since i got sick trust when i feel better we jumping like hampsters
i have a lab today and then i'm going to the gym so ill be back later and see how i feel then
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
-scared he'd say the n-word super loud and now i feel like <bleep> but it's okay because i ate food my family is just talking ab
i do understand and i feel it i jusy was beinf sipportige and i do not take offense to any of this
i feel like you never fully get over people you date. like im still not completely over any of my ex's, and would i date them again, +
i feel queasy mayward celebr8swithmaymay
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i just showered i feel great!
i feel like if taraji and tyrese got married in real life she would be slapping him left and right because the <bleep> he says is ridiculous
just finished my workout i feel great
i feel 10x better after praying.
doesn't change how i feel either
i feel so blessed that i have intellectual hotshot stans
i feel myself changing...and i like it
i feel like i'm always the one reaching out. always always always. i'm tired lol
i feel ya. i built a stupid expensive rig. what am i playing you ask? hearthstone
olatunji and harambe i feel
i feel like crying myself to sleep but i have to make a powerpoint loli feel like i have no freedom to do anything.i feel guilty everytime you say you miss me.twitter repeats itself ad nauseam these days. so much so i feel it in my gut.i feel like my friends glowed up better than me tbhi feel <bleep>ing emotional for no reason ugh why am i like thisnow you see how i feel about foxy :p then again i only been on social media for three monthsi know but i feel like spotify has more musici feel like some female got her pipe pal listed as "hair staightener " in her phone and nobody knows it's her side pieceion know how i feel about girls who always feel like they need a boyfriendep2 charlie is wearing a swimming cap to hide his baldness when his head is wet. i feel his pain.i feel like i could fly with the boy on the moon mayward celebr8swithmaymayi feel like i know a hot man..i can't quite figure out how i feel about this musical episode of oncesometimes i forget how lucky i am for having a boy who cares so much about me, and then i feel bad for not appreciating it enouhow i feel after watching give an amazing speech at the #profileincourageaward who's with me!?! #profileincsorry, i feel hurt. malaysia never exist in their map i am voting for for top social artist #btsbbmasi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutgoddamn just got my <bleep> <bleep> to randy orton entrance song i feel so accomplishedsince when <bleep>? lol i feel you tho. sing about me is a classic no matter who you likei feel bad for laughing my lasti write my thoughts down and i feel better reading them bc i get iti don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feelmy soul is empty, i feel so <bleep>ing empty, so <bleep>ing tired.i feel my strength in the experience of pain.somedays i feel like an adult with my life together and then some days i attempt to dry my clothes on the "fluff - no heat" settingi feel like an avocado todaybefore, i fell inlove. now, i feel nothing at all.i feel so icky and i just want babes but he's at work :(i wish i could put into words how i feel sometimesi feel hollow..just tell me and i'll tell yo uthe truth how i feel everythingi need a paper one so i feel important!i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi feel like i'm suffocatinglike idk i feel like i care sooo much more about everything than most ppl??i feel sorry for the next female that i have <bleep> wit cause boyyyyyyy a <bleep> really gone be tryna rearrange some <bleep> i sweai feel like i just peeped something i wasn't supposed to peepi feel like we need to call an emergency #bitchseshi feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armi feel good baby i feel greati feel like i see my co workers more then my own familyi feel bad see crying tv screen my name tobiasi feel so fathate it when i feel that i'm doing so much better, <bleep> starts to go down againme: i feel like i annoy u person: *reassures me i dont annoy them* me: waddup my name's jared im 19 and i never learned hi wanna get food but i feel like ima be asleep by the time it comes wtf should i doi feel good baby i feel great . #day6 #dancedance #everyday6nana screaming to day6 i feel so proudi have this bad habit of pushing ppl away when i feel like things are actually goodyeah i feel you. makes me miss mine too. and my aunttoday was so nice and now i feel like major crud so i am going to eat this full bag of farmers' market cherries and play night in the woodsthe level of sadness i feel rn is incredthat's how i feel..i feel so proud of bts :,( la hora de reflexin xd i am voting for for top social artist at the #btsbbmaseither i make maryland/home feel like home again, or i go where i feel i belong. time to go back to the drawing board.im blunt forreal i might just say how i feeli killed a shulk at 65% with witch twist and he wasn't close to the blastzone! poor guy, tbh i feel bad for him, maybe weird di by him.well i feel like <bleep> nowgene, i feel unsnuggled too.
i feel like i'm existing with no purpose
ok woah. i feel personally victimized rn
trying my hardest not to act how i feel..
i know :( i feel bad everytime i see these kind of tweets
i feel like complete trash.
i just killed a fly that was bothering me but now i feel bad...maybe it had a family
i feel like it would be effective. if u want to work together please hmu
i feel like im that type of person who'd be down to get random tattoos all the time but i dont know what to get first and i
i feel sorry for americans who say i lost (number of) pounds because that's money where i come from
i feel like i'd enjoy being an <bleep>assin if it didn't involve killing people.
i feel pretty rn
i feel that way too sometimes.
i feel so useless in the murder city
why do i feel so evil while listening to disney descendants' sound tracks
my cat is crying and idk what's wrong i feel so helpless lol my poor baby
without u i feel broke like im half of a whole
i had a milkshake. a <bleep>ing milkshake!!! i feel so sick right now.
i feel like if i actually recorded ow you'd see im not complete <bleep> with hanzo
harry is doing everything he can to make sure tickets go to actual fans i feel nothing but unconditional love for that boy
even times i feel alone u always there
3 years in and i feel nothing.
tried to take a screenshot of my background to show my cracked screen from last night...i feel so inept as a human i'm on the downhill
she had all good things to say. she said i feel like i'm at a block in the road, but things will get better and are looking up...
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
goddamn just got my <bleep> <bleep> to randy orton entrance song i feel so accomplished
i thought i was anxious but maybe i'm just hungry. actually it's both. i feel sick.
good night... the more different i am from someone else, the more real i feel, because less depends on my subjectivity
sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
i feel that they feel it's ok to use seeing the word is in every rap song now.. they don't know the feeling we f
i feel so lucky to be with you in my dreams. even though it's just a dream, i can't believe that i can see you smile again.
true story: i never knew what a chem trail supposedly was until i watched last night. now i feel oddly dumber and smarter.
the run back between sets was unreal... we, as in 40k+ we, did that <bleep> 3 days straight.. i feel like a 2nd contract rb after this wknd
i feel like crap after the work out tonight ugh. too much junk food this weekend ruined me.
i meant, because i'm feminine, i feel uncomfortable if a guy give me high five cuz it's boyish language. i'm asian woman.
i wrote this song for my father sometimes i feel he never gave a damn about me.
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i have been getting real depressed when i come on twitter lately. if i feel distant, that's why.
if you didn't spend your weekend outside i feel bad for you.
i'm having some tron legacy memories with this new guardians where i feel i'm a lunatic for really enjoying it when most feel indifferent.
ok i feel weird
i feel like im drunk
i feel like my new hangout spot is the library but it's okay cause my grade is showing it's effect
i feel like doing a raffle so retweet to enter (must be following) winner gets a full colored waist up drawing of thems
only 4 more nights at isr and idk how i feel about it
if you don't look at your man and see your future husband i feel bad for you
people all around me, yet i feel so alone
after this episode i feel like saying goodbye to this show will be even harder tbh
i feel bad for people who have allergies, that <bleep> must <bleep>.
i feel obligated to make game 7 of the ducks series this wednesday
i'm privileged to have a car and money on my personal card, but i feel bad for other #umes students that have limited to n
is there a mood for "seeing ur drop dead gorgeous friends talking to greasy mediocre looking white boys" bc i feel that m
//pats you i feel u man i think the more dumb <bleep> i see on my dash and tl the more petty i become
i just wanna cry my eyes out im so drained so tired of life i feel alone
i feel like everything is just falling apart
today i was pretty sad but i feel a lot better now, but still sad. but at this point a lot better is just my version of happy.
and when you're gone, i feel incomplete
so embarrassing how much rage i feel toward phaedra. i don't even know this psycho, but i would love to pull her weave out. #rhoa
i feel like i can't stop reading that she isn't feeling well during conventions, and her health is honestly so much morebaekhyun in dance line. i feel so proud.it's okay, i'm listening to andrew bird and i feel like a goddamn superheroi feel like im that type of person who'd be down to get random tattoos all the time but i dont know what to get first and ido you also believe that the song can change moments of our lives? i feel so fulfilled when i'm singing .i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armi know i feel like tony montana vote #btsbbmas top social artist"i feel like i could own every restaurant in lufkin"i feel sorta bad abt being kin with peter bc just. like i am him and stuff but like i feel like, special snowflakey igyeah so i feel that he may surprise us in the tournament.tbh the way most of yall feel about humanz seems to be exactly how i feel about coloring booktheres nonstop laughter coming from somewhere down the hall. i feel like im trapped im the black lodge. please helpmy two year old tiny human is dancing around to like a boss. i feel like i'm doing this parenting thing oki don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need something..still trying to understand how i feel about you.i just got my first ever pedicure and omg, as if you would want to do that as a job i feel sorry for the lady who had to touch my feetwhy i feel so depressed tonight?i feel you doei wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like <bleep>goddamn just got my <bleep> <bleep> to randy orton entrance song i feel so accomplishedwhat an amazing thing to witness. a fight like that. i swear i feel so much strength from my kids- it's how i beat this. atti.i feel so blessed to have someone that's seen me at my worst still stayed by my sidei feel bad for and tbh #rhoathat's just how i feel /;no "summer romance" in my whole life yet but i feel something good this yeari don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli feel like it's been 100 years we was waiting for black ken. please drop it so you can run the rap gi feel naked without earrings on.im way too much for just one <bleep>, that's how i feel.i feel like one of drake's 8 teams left in the playoffs will win it all. really stoked for him.i feel like most guys do but i was wrongi slept for almost 10 hours last night and i feel equally awful and amazing.i feel like she wasn't hacked and that's really herlmso i'm kidding babe, you know that's how i feel tooi feel a new me approaching.me either i feel your paini feel a glow up coming, shoot me if i sound conceited but at least i'm being confidence for once. try to take that from me,i feel stupid catching feelings for a guy like youi've been out of school for 2 days and have not made art in 6 days and i feel like <bleep>i feel so sadthinking about it...i feel like, if you put an older man who came out later w/ a younger man who's been out, they mighi feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back home, i voted top social artist #btsbbmasthe sad thing is she might be someone's hr person or manager someday. i feel bad for the person on the other end.i feel nothing that's dangerous for me because i can do anything and say anything and won't care who gets hurts by my words or my actionsi feel awful i was going to try and sd but i lost track of timeok back to eating healthy tomorrow. i feel like <bleep>fuck. i feel like i'm getting sicki don't know directly but growing up in la and listening to kroq. i feel like carson is an old friend from the neighborhood."and all i feel is how fast my heart beats whenever i'm with you." #sense8season2i feel mildly stupid but also misled by the op's account name :(((((i really hate feeling like i'm bothering somebody. when i feel like that i just start distancing myself..i don't know what to do, i feel so hurt, i can't do it anymore :( i feel horrible, alone, almost killing myself.i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmaswhy do i feel like basketball season never endsi feel like i gotta throw up :(i feel honored honestlyi feel sorry for those unproblematic trainees who didnt make it to top 60 they deserve better personality &gt; talent &gt; popularityme: i feel like i annoy u person: *reassures me i dont annoy them* me: waddup my name's jared im 19 and i never learned hi feel like the best way college students interact with each other is by complaining about <bleep>ignments and the professorsi feel like once you get to the "amen" part of "the lord bless you and keep you" it's just every man for themselvesi feel like doing the same to him, yet, getting the same treatment to me? it's weird being a complete switch.y'all are really my favorites and i feel proud every time i see y'all flourishing.i feel so bad for zach but god he knows how to handle me and my episodeswell honestly i feel like he xan get lost easilyi feel like tweeting the words to adele
i. feel like i'm gonna pass out (-:
i feel nothing i am nothing anymore
shake it i feel like a sail-boat adrift on the sea it's a brand new day so when you gonna phone me i could take you to heaven
i like to confuse people so they know how i feel.
i feel like this summer is gonna be a good one
right? i feel some type of way
i'm so sad i work on pie-a-zeta i feel like i would've helped raise a good amount of money
i feel something but i can't describe the feeling
i feel special
this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.
yeah exactly i feel like the 2nd and 3rd went on to do their own thing together which worked for them but didn't fit the first
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
like. i feel like if you have to be anonymous to ask it, it probably isn't any of your business.
i might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.
tater tots and taco bell. i feel so gross
but i feel like having ppl helplessly be under alleged accusation with ambiguous proof sends a whole other problemayic messa
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i suddenly remembered that slfl clip where this 5sos fan spotted toru and they tried to contain their screaming i feel ya m8
goddamn just got my <bleep> <bleep> to randy orton entrance song i feel so accomplished
put in 48 hours this week, but i feel like i wasnt even at work all week
i feel like whenever you get more than you asked for you should just find the blessing in it and grow into who god is pus
i feel like it's underrated
i feel like snapping out dawg
hate texting ppl first, i feel like i'm being aggy.
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
i feel useless at everything i do
i know this sounds tin foil hat worthy but, i feel like the hrc/obo group (soros) included has been able to in
many times i feel like i am never doing enough
strong and stable? is that why #chickenwomantes is too scared to debate jc? i feel like chicken tonight!
and my life don't even matter i know it i know it i feel like my life hurting deep down but i can't show it
i agree but i guess she never really knew us. i feel like her mind was already set on seeing only the bad seeds
oh t-ara last album but only has 4 members. i feel sad for them
i feel such a connection when someone has aux and they listen to the same music as me
i never look forward to translating letters for my family, i feel like my translations are always botched in some way
that was a visceral experience. i feel completely cleaned out
i feel that, i do. but we should also stop <bleep>ting on the way people look based on their weight.
i am crying, because i feel capable for the first time. i feel like i can conquer everything.
i feel so much better as a human being now that my windows are tinted on my car.
i've been happy but lost... i feel like a piece is missing and i don't know what it is.
bro i feel like <bleep>
i feel like #charliehunnam is cheating on us with this press tour but then i realize he's not ours and he has a job to do
my anxiety is so bad i feel like dying
damn i feel sick af
i'm so sorry. i feel your pain. my dad just died last thursday
i do! there was a lot of raw emotion involved, i feel very good about it. thanks!
me: *wants to be spoiled* also me: *wont accept anything bc i feel extremely bad if anyone spends any amount of money on me*
aaaa im bored but i feel annoying for tweeting a lot
i feel like it's timin wit everything..
smiley rhe i feel the same way. you have a wonderful and enjoyable day and week. enjoy and be happy. smilei feel youonce i feel different about u, ur donei feel thisi feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.i feel like im that type of person who'd be down to get random tattoos all the time but i dont know what to get first and ii just wanna move somewhere far away bc i feel like everyone's sick of me!!i feel this on a spiritual level. and for the record, i want you around!!i feel so broken rn.. past two years have been my worsttti just had a thought of ariel pink and mac demarco on tour together and idk how i feel about that.i feel like the characters of vld are my children and i feel bad for having a favorite but............... keithpassive aggressive when we're texting, i feel the distancei feel like i still don't have a good portfolio.i'm in the <bleep> so deep i feel her heartbeat..i feel so stupid for getting so attached to temporary peoplei feel your pain. figuratively.exactly how i feel atm. i can deal with all my nerve pain but when in shoulder, i just want to chop it offi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel bad for you if you live in idahoi feel bad for making him feel that way. tell him it's okay. he didn't do anything wrong, i think he's a sweetheart.i've haven't ate or drank anything since last night :( i feel like <bleep>fuck it i'll just make a new one when i feel like it one day .j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel so proud of them #btsbbmasi feel really cheated that us civil defense never talked about making thatch roofs fire safe. #allroofingmaterialsmati feel almost good enough everyday, what a time to be alive !!!!!my 12 ap studio art concentrations. inspired by the loneliness i feel in chicago. hint: look at it from the perspective oftoday i am 23. happy birthday to me. i feel blessed. more life, more love. this year is important to me. my jordan year. #madebythrdi don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feelwow i feel like a <bleep>in weirdoi feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasokay, i feel like we jumped to a wholly different movie. pullman's just gone and now we're following some new guy #munchalong #losthighwaycan't tell you how pretty i feel when i get to wear gowns to events. now worn to both the oscars and the emmyshonestly don't know how i feel anymorei ate so much this weekend i feel like i gained 5 lbslmfao i feel like i sound 12i feel weird that i didn't apply to any schools in nyc, but it's like i liked the schools that i applied and got accepted to more.i feel so alive rn"i feel like a mom trying to have a friday night out being a second year in dcls." - i've never related to anything morethe national is sadness, i feel like lcd has wider emotional range.honestly i don't know if i'm going to keep my motorcycle... it's a great toy but i feel like the money could have gone to something better.i feel the love &lt;3 you should highkey add me as a friend, however you do thati feel horrible for laughing at that, but it's just too funnyi feel bad for you guys.i swear i feel like carmelo anthony.i feel like we all have that one person that can call our nerves just by looking at them. i'm so grateful for that personi feel you, girlidk if its a san diego thing or a cali thing but i feel like being called a weirdo is such an insult here i do not take thai have a friend in second year but i feel like i didn't ask enough her enough questions obviously omgwent to go watch good will hunting on netflix and its not on there anymore. i feel empty inside nowif i feel like i'm doing too much, i immediately fall back. i ain't finna fw nobody more than they fw me.i thought playing baby meditation music would help nova sleep but i feel like that's back that <bleep> up for babies bc she's lit in the womb.i feel bad cheating on my husband, but it's so bad it feels good. -me, watching an episode of vikings without himif taylor came back from hibernation i feel like all my problems would fade away and everything would be ok againjust done cleaning..goshhh i feel hoootttevery time i feel sad or sick it is you who restore me strength and joy and i will never thank
why do i feel so empty and just...eh?
i feel so many things
i'm deleting that. now i feel like the <bleep>.
i feel like you forget that we're friends
whenever i see videos of college parties i feel thankful i go to shows instead lol.
i feel pity so plss
i feel it man.... san diego is coming. we coming
the last person who woke me up while i was sleeping was hospitalized for two months... i feel horrible about it though...
i feel like nikkie hates me for some reason
i feel like crap and want to stay crawled up into my bed for days
still trying to understand how i feel about you.
andy asked kandi, "how do i feel about what?" #rhoa
i feel this on a deep level.
this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.
i feel so bad for everyone that decided to just sit this season of bbcan out. you're missing out and i feel so bad for y
i want you to feel the same pain i feel. i want you to feel the same <bleep>ing heart ache i feel that you caused
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like <bleep>
i feel the best after an intense workout.
on top of everything else going on i feel robbed of the chance to witness her historic presidenc
#dafbama2017_exo i vote for #exo i feel sorry for girlsgeneration because they're my fave gi
i feel we getting a tad bit old for this "i'm petty" <bleep> just saying
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
it's amazing. and she literally said everything i feel everyday
i feel like everyone is an enemy
i feel as if i should block everyone on my facebook timeline who shared the update from david schwimer about friends returning in 2018
my cover photo has been my daughter for so many years and i finally changed. don't know how i feel about that yet.
when i'll hear the name "bahubali"i feel that rajamouli sir kept our tollywood in peaks.....
true you passed us all up so i feel i <bleep>ing <bleep> when playing with you
i feel so nauseous i want to cry
i feel like getting otp
i feel weird because i've been looking forward to prom all year and now that it's over i'm like?? what's the point of anything now???
is there a german word for the realisation that discretion is the better part of valour? i feel like there should be.
i feel like dads paying for their daughters' horses is essentially the same as paying them not to date
lmao why i feel like one of my followers be cappin
i feel like khara
i am not perfect. i struggle. i feel like life beats me down at times. but i still choose happiness and i think you sh
it's so sad that ha minho got kicked out of his company and had to leave the show. he did wrong but i feel sorry for him :(
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
this video has me crying. "harry eat my <bleep>" "louis we know you're gay" and harry styles <bleep>ing followed him.
oh i feel sorry for your <bleep> my dear..us decent 1d fans feel ashamed for you
they so cute i feel so soft
humanity kinda needs a win right now and i feel like this could be it, even though it's a minor win.
i feel like i haven't been to school in weeks
i've been on the low i been taking my time i feel like i'm out of my mind
i don't know what i feel for you, but it's a good thing, a wonderful feeling, i want to have you in my life forever.
i feel bad about. i feel the same about some of the other actors too
if you having nail problems i feel bad for you son.. we got 99 problems but our nails ain't one #ubettercatchagrip #co
i feel like he was doing the same <bleep> to me and i don't appreciate it
also i feel like i've seen this tattoo 8,000 times before???? why is this giving me deja vu
i feel stupid sometimes ..
sometimes i feel i'm way more into girls but i see such cute guys but many girls are so pretty damn
never give people your attention who disappoint you and your attitude will change quick i feel you girl.
i feel like i curve all the guys who are actually willing to treat me right. i hate myself.
i feel like you could almost say i've enlightened myself tonight
if i feel like i'm doing too much, i immediately fall back. i ain't finna fw nobody more than they fw me.
i feel like 10 of my followers are real while the rest are motorcycle accounts that followed me for that jaebum motorcycle tweet
i feel so sick
i feel gross when people call me a person with disabilities. like, that's not seeing me. i'm not carrying disability in a bri
we ran out of popcorn so i had to eat the popcorn we got for bre that doesn't have <bleep>er i feel like i'm betraying <bleep>ered popcorni just realized i haven't been following... i feel so ashamedi feel like drawing blond garyi feel sooo much better now! thank god for forgivenessi feel this. two totally separate beingsbroke my phone..... i feel naked without itit's crazy reading some of the negative reviews of alien: covenant, i feel like they saw a different movieafter i got pierced i feel like i never need to wear a brabut something strange deep inside of me is happening i feel unlikei feel kinda <bleep>'d up but honestly if you ugly , just be ugly don't try too be cute ..i feel like i don't deserve to be happythis is the only time i feel like i need someonei feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armi want a boo. i want someone rubbing up on me all day. i know i feel and smell good. i want to share that.i feel like if s2 of attack on <bleep>an came out two years ago it'd be trendy rni feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist award"i feel like a hamster i'm stuck in a loop"oh i do too. i'm not very empathic about it though. i feel bad for the victims and that's where my empathy liesi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel ya but like...do you really want to risk possible std exposure?sometimes, i feel i am in a novel, particularly listening to some responses today.i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.not sure why i feel so good leaving 8qns blank for my math paper1i feel sick to my stomach ...sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.every time no flockin comes on ...i feel obligated to rap that hoe word for wordsometimes i feel so happy, sometimes i feel so sad but mostly you just make me mad.i feel like they give you a lot thoi feel like im out of my mind, it feel like my life ain't minemany indonesian only know srk as bollywood star. nobody knows deepika in my town manado. i feel so lonely as a cri feel like everyone's been emotional af lately the amount of moistness, depression, stress etc i've experienced from othemfs change like the weather, i don't speak on how i feel cause you never know anyone's true intentions w/ youi feel like a lot of kids who are in fandom know about kinks and liking reading about them so they think they have tolmfao like wtfff i feel soo disrespectedi feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasme: "i want harry to follow me" harry: "i want harry to follow me, shut yo <bleep> <bleep> up ill follow you when i feel like it"roll me up some dope and i feel like myself againi feel bad for those who do me wrong ! i'm an artist ! just know everything is gonna be put in a songi hate the way i feel and i'm not getting betteri don't need to bring you down. you've already done tha to yourself. i feel sorry for you. you could have embraced beauty.i feel good baby i feel greatone of my followers recognized me at work lol i feel famous all of a sudden. sikei feel like i'm finally complete again!i feel like i'm getting tiredi feel everything so deeply but also nothing at all.i feel so sick...i really can't even sleep i'm in so much pain,y'all know how i feel about lilo and stitchi legit <bleep>ing hate subaru and his <bleep> taste for women i cant contain this anger i feel everytime rem gets friendzonedi feel like i'm just perpetually waiting for another season of bachelor in paradise, you know?idk if its a san diego thing or a cali thing but i feel like being called a weirdo is such an insult here i do not take thai feel like this was all last monthare you aware of what you make me feel? right now i feel invisible to you like im not reali feel bad for those who got lower rank.. they can't exactly choose what they want they just can choose what is left #produce101my boy described his girl to me saying "she's the proof god still loves me". i can't wait till i feel like thisi feel like i jinxed everything with my tweet about breaking out the brooms for a sweepif i feel like you ain't feeling me, ima take my l keep pushing
i wonder how many times i have to tell you i feel alone before you get the hint
like, i'm pretty sure i've heard more tragic backstories, but damn i feel bad for him. and now i'm rooting for him.
i feel like people that go to sleep early are boring.
with each stream i feel more like a streamer and so much prouder of my channel and you guys! thanks so much!! #movsquad #teame
i feel like <bleep>tt
the past 2 days i have woken up at 2:30pm and 1pm. i feel like 6:30am is gonna come real fast in the morning....
sometimes i feel dressing like a square just so i won't get profiled.
it's knocking the wind out of me literally when i feel bad as it is and i'm just ehhh
i've been on the low i been taking my time i feel like i'm out of my mind it feel like my life ain't mine
out of bodyy, das just how i feel when i'm around u shawty
if i see the caption "i feel like floyd in this may weather" one more time....
i feel like i'm slowly losing because of the fanart too haha. fanartists make everything so cute
still trying to understand how i feel about you.
if i feel this way about you, you must be special cause....... this is so rare
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
words cannot explain the happiness i feel when i talk to you
wtf i feel like a whale
i feel like if you're approaching 25...30 and you're still amused by having "hoes" you need to grow up!
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like he just wanted to piss off phil
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
i feel like trash because every girl i see looks like a goddess
i feel so depressed
i feel like one of drake's 8 teams left in the playoffs will win it all. really stoked for him.
before, i fell inlove. now, i feel nothing at all.
i feel bad for anyone who has my notifications on cuz i delete things within seconds of tweeting just to edit repost.
never know what i want til i arrive at it never know what i feel til i would die for it
i feel like khara
i watched a true crime doc and now i feel real creepy... why do i love to hurt myself &gt;:(
i feel so under appreciated sometimes
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel like you should send me your location
i feel like introverts struggle with attachment more than extroverts.
i feel played not even gone lie
i feel like twenty one pilots deserved this award the most. keep voting! #topbbmas
even tho he doesn't know who i am i feel like drake's on my side ya know what i mean
it was confirmed he replacing buu because he gonna be sleep again. idk how i feel, i was a lil hype for buu honestly
u know what while we're on this subject i feel like i do use aave every now and then i'll be more conscious abt it from now on
i like how <bleep> is right now, but i feel like it's gon get a little deeper
i feel bad for the physician who had to squirt the turkey baster of <bleep> into serena williams clenis
gurl, i feel like if me and you actually talked, we would get along great! i mean i've secretly stalked your life so it's fine....
my body hurts so much after work i feel like someone just beat me up and left me to suffer but im getting paid for it.
love the beauty within "the time verses". i feel like i know though i've never met him. there is no higher praise i can give.
#dafbama2017_exo i vote for #exo i feel sorry for girlsgeneration because they're my fave gi
i feel ya on that one
no matter how much time we spend together i feel like it's never enough
i am not like these other <bleep>es so if you lost me i feel sorry for you
i feel old... also glad i don't know any children
honestly and truly i feel the same way
i feel like you've brought this up like 10 times
namjoon: "you're worth it, you're perfect...our 21st century boys...wow" he read the banner i feel so loved
ok, i can't argue with that. i feel youi feel like i'm going to die when hyung is sad i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmasi feel like good things are coming after graduation.i feel like a lot of the bad things happening to me is due to the fact that i've let all this negative energy fester andi feel like there should be more soccer chants utilized in baseball.i feel like <bleep>could barely sleep at all last night so now i feel like death #justinbbmasi feel like i've seen that abba letter before somewhere.i don't like being put in a situation where i feel like i have to compete in order to get someone attention, you feel ?i feel as if i could get through to a deaf man in a verbal conversation more than i could with a democrat.still trying to understand how i feel about you.i feel ready to die, but its takin so long.i voted #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas deeper i feel like dying everyday please let me be punished please forgitrying so hard not to act how i feel.i feel homesick for a place i'm not even sure exists. where my heart is full and i'm understood.and i feel like this year is really about, just the year of realizing that tomatoes are a fruiti feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel like fast food places should have a tip jar for when they actually give more then one sauce and my fries are super hoti wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti'm so high i feel like i'm dreamingi feel like cuddling. but what else is new lolalso imma need the contact info of whoever is laughing cuz nothing about this <bleep> is funnyi love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.i feel that young jae has better pronunciation when he sing flythanks although i now have like this shyness i feel better that everyone is having a rough time and i'm in a better place,every time i plant a flower and i see it pop from the soil, i feel what i <bleep>ume it feels like to have a child.i be feeling like this too and i feel like it ain't healthy..like why tf it feel so strange to be happy?j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i shonestly thinking about doing the roast 'yourself' challenge like a diss track towards myself i feel like it would bif i feel like i'm doing too much, i immediately fall back. i ain't finna fw nobody more than they fw me.wow i feel like the biggest <bleep>hole everi feel like saying don't act like thati'm waking up, i feel it in my bonesenough to make my systems blowpain is a 7 now from earlier which was a 9. i feel like a seal.i feel youi feel sick and i think its bc i skipped dinner yesterday and breakfast today oopsi feel so blessed to have seen bangtan gahd #wingstourinmanilai have so many friends family yet i feel lonely afi feel like imma pass outi feel so sorry for the children. they didn't ask to be here.i feel very social tonightthe days are going by so fast, i feel like i never have time anymorelord, thank you so much for the unconditional love even if sometimes, i feel like i don't deserve it for i keep on disappoii'll admit i'm sorry when i feel i'm truly sorrycan you tweet me something to make me feel better? i feel really sad and depressed right now.why get implants when you can just get shots instead i never did it but i feel like shots are betteri hate how instagram isn't in chronological order anymore. i feel like i miss everythingi feel like i connect more with music than i do with peoplei feel like listening to pearljamas a real person i feel like u have to b real honest n blunt with everyone to help needed not really hurt themi feel hella sick againi'm 5'9 and 135... and i'm not pregnant i refuse to believe she's healthy... i feel so bad for her babyseeing that trump's ship is sinking, i feel bannon will soon betray trump to earn himself some points.i tweet this so i feel sum validation with each 'like' i receive. u may be laughing but i don't mind. this is my life:)why did i leave all my work till the last minute? i feel like <bleep> yet i have to finish this stupid projectso... ya fiinally hate me? xd i feel like it'll/did happen but i don't want it tolol <bleep> cause i feel iti feel like my energy is wasted when i make a fantastic niche reference and my straight friends don't get iti feel ya therei really want ikon to comeback soon. everyday, i feel like i'm on a different fandom.. pd101 is all over my timeline...i feel like i get fatter by the daythe way i feel about you is like hunger. like an ache. i think about you all the time. i make myself sick.also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!im gonna look so cute tomorrow omg i feel it and my boo gon faint"i feel nauseous." he shrugged slightly.
if i feel disrespected, i have the right to speak up
i feel like i got a whole <bleep> new car now that it's washed
hey everyone is stalking my twitter from 2013 and i feel attacced
i feel absolutely heartbroken for and what she went through this season #rhoa
awesome yaar! lucky you. i feel so jealous of you :(
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
god i feel like killing someone
i feel so out of the loop for not knowing who coach ella is... like what team does she/he even coach????
i feel you bro!
i hate cats, but i just found a baby kitten on my balcony i feel so bad for it.
i feel like taehyung would be the one to help you up if you ever fell down in front of him. i'm pretty sure he's done it b
i feel like i'm going to faint everytime you perform cause you are a legend at slaying
damn me too i feel you girl
i feel like they likely aren't cause they did 2 straight months but i hope they do. this song live would be life!
i feel the same way when talks about lavar ball
yes. i feel that is the most telling move by mitch mcconnell. he was involved in this illegitimate elect
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like i haven't had sleep in a month
i'm blem forreal, i might just say how i feel
i feel heartless
i feel like talking..just wanna run it until i get sleepy.
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
i feel like i should apologize for how long my snap story is, but nah <bleep> that this weekend was to <bleep>in wild
so in my bag rn i feel mad corny wtf
i feel so empty
i feel like an avocado today
i feel like the team 10 house needs a reality tv show tbh
i feel like a <bleep> cause idk how to make threads lmfaoooo <bleep>
my dog has been barking for no reason, so i feel you.
if i feel like you can do better and learn from your mistakes i will give you a second chance .. just don't give me a reason to doubt you
i feel a little bad i was really confused and pissed off and he didn't realize he had hit a very sore spot. lol.
do you actually care about how i feel . sigh. :")
everytime i land in colombia i feel reborn
girl, i feel you.
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel like i should watch donnie darko again since it's been, about, 15 years since i first saw it
i feel weird with a fade
hate how sad i feel
why do i feel like he's mad at me?
i feel so bad i say <bleep> so much when i talk to marie anymore fjdkdjfkdkf that's my <bleep> though
i feel terrible for the ground fat <bleep> joe west has been standing on for over 5 hours.
i hate that i'm so unironically and genuinely upset about that too. it's so dumb and i feel so dumb for crying over it
i feel sorry for the people who bandwagon hate twice because a lot of people do you are all missing out
i feel like i'm getting low key played
i was so outgoing before n now i feel like i'm boring
about how often do i need to replace my binders? i feel like the binding power's been reduced by repeated use. it used to be hard to put on
i feel like crying bc i cant sleep
sometimes i feel crazy and then i see a video of bella thorne and remember i'm ok
when he does 117 on the highway i feel like i'm about to lose my life but i loveee it
<bleep> it man why are we twins i feel the same
i shaved my legs and painted my nails and i feel kind of okay
a girl just sat next to me and started crying outta no where and i feel terrible for not being able to hug her.
yeeee! and i feel like ryan gosling is suuuuper slept on
my fave bts lyrics is not today. when i depressed, i listen it. i feel better after that. ^^ that's why i vote
i feel sorry toward him the he said "it's okay, it's me babe" hhhhhhhh can i squeeze your cheek now?
i love vsco so so much cause i feel like everyone just posts what makes them happy and i love itever since i started running i feel a lot better loli feel like i could start a thread of 100+ tweets of all the times jamie and dakota act like a married couplelil gusher i am then. not entirely sure how i feel about what this may connote to my listeners and ya fans thoi have an exam today, i'm not ready though i feel terrible mehhh #btsbbmasi feel like nothing. no self confidence, no motivation, nothing. i just feel like i am here taking up space all the time.i wanna <bleep> witchu but i feel like ur full of <bleep>exactly how i feel right now.i just smoked and i feel amazingi feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armyeah i feel you, that game is <bleep> regardless, which is why i haven't touched it in 2 months.it's my problem if i feel the need to hidelmao i feel bad who ever received those messagesi wanna start writing. but since i lack a social life i feel i would be completely alone without my thoughtsno one knows what i feel inside.i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.i feel the same. i'm not greedy. just enough to not have to be in a panic all the time.i feel the love, i feel alivegoodness, i'm just under 40 hours into the witcher 3, completed 71 quests (all types combined), and i feel like i've just started.i feel so lonely and unlovedwhy do i feel like the cubs are going to tie it back up in the bottom of the 18th.i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like nothing is going to work out for me because i perform so badly in schooli love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.i feel the same. i avoid bbc 'news' whenever possible,now. i feel i'm bet#dafbama2017_exo i vote for #exo i feel sorry for girlsgeneration because they're my fave gii feel like this <bleep> waste of my time.i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel90's babies had all the good cartoons growing up i feel bad for this new generation of kids. y'all cartoons <bleep>ty af.i feel so bad about all of this stupid <bleep> i tweet. i need to just make a private accounthonestly i feel disgusted abt these kind of stuff no offensedamn i feel empty af rni feel like an avocado todayi'm so stressed i can't even think straight and i feel like i'm dreaming. life is good. i'm fine. it's cooli feel dead but good night i love my mansim sorry im still not over the bts concert last night i feel emotionali wanna play games but im kinda tired that i feel likei should jutst sleep and play games wheni wakeup but itsn ot the same???yo i so dehydrated i feel like breaking my fastthis is how i feel about my socksmy auntie just asked me what's bothering me, i was lost for words lol legit i don't know how to put it into words just know how i feel...everybody on the tl trashing all the foods i like. i feel like an outsider.it's so true it's exactly how i feeli feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythingmy heart is filled with so much love i feel for youi could just be projecting but i feel like mac demarco has matured some on his new album.@airachync alam mo ba i feel all your tweetsi feel like he next to me when im talking to himi feel like if the lose this game we lose the #worldseries. #nyyvschc #imhalfasleepi feel so frustrated and anxiousi feel like the yankees just scored 500 runs on an rbi groundout smhyou are a slave of christianity. at least i am free to think for myself! i feel bad for youi feel like a hot pocketi truly wish i had friends who genuinely cared about how i feel and wouldn't mind me ranting and crying on their shouli feel bad for every guy and girl i saw get mobbed and chased this weekend at playlist. i know what it feels like to hi feel like we're as close as strangers.okay i feel thisi feel you brosometimes i feel myself like the book codex seraphinianus.lol i feel ya "player"my cousin just graduated with his doctorate in law, i feel so unaccomplishedthe yoi opening gives me feelings and i feel like cryingsometimes, i feel unloveable.i feel personally victimised
she got a police bike she got a turned up nose sometimes i feel like (oh, the whole human race) jazzin' for blue jean
ah, i feel like ive gone crazy, crazy lately i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas
i feel like whacking my old <bleep> tonight
whenever i feel sad i hug my dog until i feel better
i feel basic as hell with no piercings??? that feels like such a middle/high school thing to say but :-(
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i feel like i probably said "fuck you gabby"
i feel like having an outdoor cat is similar to being in an open relationship
i glanced at that and thought it said <bleep>. i feel this works either way. godspeed, <bleep> botnet.
aaaaaaaaaaaaand i feel better now
i feel like removing myself no feelings involved
i feel like posting a link to the wiki article on survivorship bias every time i see an advice/quote from a famous ceo
i feel like you wasted it cause you asked????
love waking up because i feel so sick
dear phone, thanks for being there whenever i feel alone
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
deeper, i feel like dying every day i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas
i feel so much better driving myself to and from work
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
all i feel is pain i hate the way i remember you
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
guess what? my mood is so much better at work today. i normally have the worst moods in the morning but i feel really good right now!
i feel like <bleep>
i feel like parents these days raise candy <bleep> kids im so glad my parents raised me different
really? i feel like it would be frustrating
art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! go
why do i feel so nauseous as if i haven't eaten anything when i ate curry earlier ??? ;__;
i've been on the low, i've been taking my time, i feel like i'm out of my mind, it feel like my life ain't mine
i feel myself changing, i don't laugh the same no more, smile the same, talk the same, i'm just tired, mentally.
yah i feel like me too maybe
i feel sorry for the people who don't learn how to walk away from their low ways. karma is a <bleep> y'all.
i feel like khara
i feel like i haven't said that i love harry in a long time so: i love harry
i feel so bad for people who are horny 24/7 what do u do i'm so sorry
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
i feel like a depressed <bleep> but im not. i just like 2 infect pain on myself when im <bleep>ing annoyed or pissed off.
i feel like a proud mother watching camila's performance tonight. goodnight
i feel like dying stillaz
i feel the same way
i feel like a weight has been lifted
i can't find my journal so i feel a twitter rant coming on.
i feel nothing seeing these prom pics. nobody would want the night i had.
i dont judge. i just say what i feel.
over 17 million voted to save france. i feel sorry for those poor souls becaus
that hatred, jealousy, and insecurity of hers is just pathetic, i feel sorry for her. sorry you had to read her <bleep>.
i feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythin
*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loser
i love her but i feel like if i wifed her she'd just fly off with her pigtails and land right in shiho or makoto's lap
i feel it honestly
i feel like we would be friends in real life. awkward friends. but friends.
sometimes i feel like i will be sad my whole life it <bleep>s
i can't help how i feel i'm just keeping it real
i feel nauseous for veil. #intothebadlands
hello hello, thank you!! i feel honored
inform me i feel like i'm missing sumn lol
#proudarmy #army #bts bangtan soneyondan sarangheyo *i feel emotionally attcked by this post* but deserves it
"i feel for you, i've been in the field for you, it's real for you right?"
i broke a boys heart and no one is awake to help me because i feel so bad
i feel <bleep>ing sick at the thought of the minster school
i feel like i'm 12 all over again #kimerald
my back hurts so bad i feel sicki feel uha ha ha what an alpha male , my god. i feel so safe loli feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armpressing the space bar with the thumb i don't usually use feels very strange. i feel like i'm typing more slowly as a result.i feel so stupid trying to express my feelings.so i'm hella sick and i keep trying to fall asleep but my head hurts too much and i feel too bad to get comfortable. plus chills loli feel so suffocated yoli djdhsg presentation always makes me feel like i want to die o(-(i feel bad for acting like a <bleep> but if that's the way you're going to treat me don't be surprised when i do the samefirst year in year 6... is it normal to feel nervous? i don't know why i feel like this!! i'm not taking them!!! #sats #satsweeki feel like shawn's not getting the freedom he deserves anymore smh #shawnbbmaseverything i state how i feel is doing too much , that's why i'm on my lonely most of the time.as a new fan of bts.. i feel like an idiot who doesn't know anything.. i need to learn more i voted top social aif you live in miami and you didn't go to rolling loud i feel so bad for youstill trying to understand how i feel about you.this unforgiving lagos heat. 7am and i feel like i'm about to faint in this bus. <bleep> is crazy mehni feel like i'm wasting time again.when i feel empty, liquor satisfies.i feel you dawgthis new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutnow that i kinda watched all seasons of friends i feel cheated by himym it's too <bleep>ing same #superlatei love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.sometimes i feel you need psychological help. no offence.i finally sat back and came to my conclusion that , it aint my time yet ,but i feel it coming , i had to fallback andi feel a collab in the future...or a movement, or me just being your hype girl...duuuuuuuuude i'm <bleep>ing starving, i feel that so hard right now. <bleep>. from wetzel's pretzels too. the pizza pretzelart giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! goi feel exhausteddad you don't know what i feel.i feel like everyone's been emotional af lately the amount of moistness, depression, stress etc i've experienced from othepurpose tour india is gonna be so big i feel iti'm trying to be happy, i feel like things are going to be looking up from herei feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen.it's 3am and i feel like throwing up greati vote for for the top social artist award 2017 #btsbbmas not being able to tell you what i feeli don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasthat's it? yo i've been alive 23 years i feel like it should be 9394738282939478399383 days tbhi ain't even mad. life is pretty freaking great. i feel good.i feel like my maturity level doesn't fit my age groupso many people be looking down on me thinking i'm some stupid person...i feel like getting in a fighti feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni knew this day would come but it feels so surreal i'm really done with college...i wonder where my life is about to head..i feel successyeah i feel the same.every time i hear that really great song i feel soo in love with a ghosti feel like prey would look a whole lot more interesting if the enemies didn't look so ordinary.i feel like my energy is wasted when i make a fantastic niche reference and my straight friends don't get it*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loserand i feel like this year is really about, just the year of realizing realizationsi feel like god is testing me.i can kill people so easily. why then dont i feel sad? - kirika yuumurai feel like trusting people and trusting people with your feelings are like two completely different worlds|| i feel like i have 5 years of tl to catch up on jfci hate texting people first. i feel awkward, annoying and unwanted.i feel like i have to buy a colt revolver at some point because it was invented in ctvoting for at #btsbbmas and suddenly i feel so afraid of the void these mixed feelings with my life on the lithis reminds me of the first time i met you and i feel like this will be you when you graduatealso a great one. i forget that is a word i feel comfy w usingball the stupid memes in the world aren't replacing how alone i feel rn.i feel like people are going to ruin 13 reasons for me before i even start watching that show
i feel so i really do
i feel like i won't be able to do anything without e.l.f. -sungmin
monday morning report: i feel like crap
as soon as u cross my mind i feel the need to smoke a blunt. dnt need tht negativity fogging my mind
.@mcdonalds imagine if released a szechuan sauce just to spite mcdonalds. i feel that kinda move wouldn't be to
i feel like if i had more friends i wouldn't be such a homeboy but what can ya do!
i feel the same, but still get them because of that.
i feel like im that type of person who'd be down to get random tattoos all the time but i dont know what to get first and i
i feel you.
my roommates are fighting over a bag of doritos and i feel like an awkward third wheel
don't trust women anymore to the point where i feel a lot safer if they retweeted me instead of pretend to like me on the
the sadness i feel rn is when you leave your cookie in your milk for too long and it ends up sinking to the bottom
i feel like everyone went to prom
i feel sorry for you for ppl time wasting
i feel u with that
i feel even flabbier and grosser than normal if that's even possible
sometimes i feel like i'd be a better student if i got rid of social media
some days i go on here in the morning and by afternoon i feel stronger than ever to keep up my fight. bless you guys for being that.
i feel the music in you.
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
i feel weird saying cornrows grew up always saying cainrow
1 year ago i saw shawn live for the first time and i'm gonna see him again just in 2 days, i feel so grateful
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like i'm not going any where.
i feel sick
having one of those weeks where i feel like everyone else is doing big things with their lives and i'm eating pizza alone in halloween pjs.
ugh i feel so sick i don't think i should go to work tomorrow
i've had my youtube channel set up for months... i feel like i need to actually do something with it.
i feel like i want to get a migraine
i feel so happy for no <bleep>ing reason when i see you
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
ughhhhhhhhh i hate him! i feel like i gotta defend pidge and lotor bc they can't defend themselves
art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! go
agreed. too much selfish behaviour, too little proper plot. i feel it's becoming like a soap.
i feel like everyone's been emotional af lately the amount of moistness, depression, stress etc i've experienced from othe
i feel like never has a bad hair day
i feel like paul stickys when i drink club soda with lemon and olives
sometimes i feel like i need to get away seriously i think ima do that .
i feel like god is giving me all these signs but i don't know what they mean ...
i feel bad for her cuz imma mpb member
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel gross and bloated and moody i'm breaking out i hate that i know what these symptoms mean
ahhh <bleep> i feel you, well get you some rest and make sure you know what you smoking
i feel like liberals haven't learned their lesson when they're declaring right-populism dead after the fn got their best
gosh, i feel <bleep>ing useless for the first time ever.
no amount of sleep in the world will cure the tiredness i feel
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
fried bhindi becomes limp if left out long. i feel your pain.
2 my idiot friends who never left florida.... mexican candy is a thing, and it's <bleep>ing amazing! also, i feel sorry 4 u if u didn't know
i feel useless
i had a dream that i got 27 math <bleep>ignments i feel quite relieved actually
i feel guilt free. i dont owe u an explanation but u sure owe me one. god knows. goodnight
i mean you're not wrong. i'm watching the goofy movie rn and i feel like it's better with company
#overwatch #nsfw #sombra #bukkake #roadto5k #gangbang "allmost 5k people <bleep>ming on me that's so amazing and i feel so
i feel my body heat rising
#signofthetimesmusicvideo i feel like <bleep>. i'm nervous. drop it already! hoooh!
i feel like my energy is wasted when i make a fantastic niche reference and my straight friends don't get it
i feel sorry for the men that miss out on the opportunity w/me. because god created me in his image, so i am beautifully
nooooo, can't believe i missed it , i'm so mad ! i was literally at work all day i feel like
same. "i feel kinda <bleep>, but this braised onion sure smells good"
"i feel <bleep>ually harassed...."
i feel sorry for myself, for always letting people step all over me, for always letting people treat me like a trash, just b
i turn 22 in 3 months... i swear i feel like i just turned 21 3 days ago
dad can i hv a sandbag cs i feel like wanna punch and kick rn :)i feel like the music video is gonna drop any minute now....i feel youi don't plan on doing youtube as a career, i feel it's too late to get noticed. however, youtube is a decent platform for making content.i feel bad everytime i see tweets like that my precious donghyun didn't choose rap position for this kind of commenti will forever do wdf i want until i feel like i found somebody worth committing towhy the <bleep> do i feel so down todaymy favourite film of all time was released 17 years ago.... i feel oldi feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armi agree. regardless of the age difference. but we shall see. i feel mani has been her happiest since she went on dwts.is it really that difficult to speak to me, damn, i feel for myself toome and ramon just laughed until we cried and i feel so much love for him wow. connection.i feel blessed everytime yoongi uploads a selfie tbhthe rating will be intense tho but i feel like park seo joon-kim ji won will get higher ratingdon't even want to go back to sleep, i feel sick from themi done charged so much to the game i feel like the game owe me onei feel like no matter where i go everything will be a puzzle and i'll be that one random peice that doesn't fit in, but that's okayi feel ui feel like my mind is so corrupted.i feel like 90s r&amp;b just can't ever get played outi feel so stupid for getting so attached to temporary peoplei wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like <bleep>i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli feel so betrayed like dont ss my snaps!i feel like they did a disservice to the 'hey. you ever wanna see lucy's <bleep>s' line by not ending on itstill trying to understand how i feel about you.i don't know how i feel about the interview "co-minister" of finance norma gigaba had with enca...#nowplaying the weeknd - i feel it comingi feel like if you have a similar music taste as me then i'll automatically befriend you lmaoi feel ashamed of probiotic vitamin supplements.i don't fit in, everywhere i go i feel like an outsideri feel like its gonna involve a knifenuns scare me like i feel like theyll tie me up and sit in circle around me and exorcise the damn demons out of mei feel so happy for no <bleep>ing reason when i see youi feel so alone right nowi feel like a lil baby nuggeti feel weird being sympathetic or showing affection to othersno amount of sleep in the world will cure the tiredness i feellisten up feel my vibe + wolo and 1:31am stages in hd, are on " got7 fly concert in seoul dvd ". i feel like crying hi feel like too faced is like maybe 2-3 launches away from comin out wit a turkey and mashed potatoes palettesudden obsession of furniture, i feel like an old personme: *wants to be spoiled* also me: *wont accept anything bc i feel extremely bad if anyone spends any amount of moneyi feel like if i'm not here or if i fall asleep something might happeni feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.every time i sneeze i feel like my tonsils are gonna explode. #sickboyz*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loseri feeli feel like i deserve more credit for my appearance. or am i wrongwhen i hear the music i like most i feel like i touch the soul..thanks #cinemaimports folks. i'm not sure how i feel about either film. i'd have to seeing them again. i'm glad i could join y'all.i want to try and think positive when i feel insecure instead of spread negative energy. im sorry to the people i've hurt while doing so.i feel really good getting positive comments on my art that perpetuate happy feelings and spread good vibes..i feel it loli feel great lmaoodoes sleep paralysis count as rest cause i feel like i just shouted and flailed around for an houri feel like edge of tomorrow is the only movie that can get away with using the same <bleep>le twice if it wanted towhy do i feel like everyone is already on summer vacation and i'm the only one still studying like crazy for finals?!why o why do i feel this wayy'all don't know how much i fw tracy <bleep> ... that's my mf <bleep> i feel like we relatedi feel lonely to tonight
i feel like i'm jodeci, won't you come and talk to me
i feel like y'all are sitting next to each other while tweeting this rn
awww i feel betrayed hahahaha
i feel so lost in my life
i feel like i'm way to thick, i wanna be skinny again
i feel so free and happy i haven't felt like this in years
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i feel so bad for the k-armys at the airport they were legit genuinely worried omo bless their hearts hahahahahaha
i feel like i'm outta my mind, it feel like my life ain't mine.
i feel i should clarify that i mean confused by dating me. not sleeping with me. unless they were a girl who thought they were straight.
i feel like i'm only "late" to parties lol but even then those aren't even definite
i feel broke af
(embraced by kindness, i feel relieved.. )
i feel ya on that
i feel like yousef wanted to kiss her but silence spoke more than words when she nodded saying 'no' and that was adorable htt
i feel like mm's opening is probably one of the most visually pleasing things to look at the motion graphics are insane ....
if living in california i feel like being allergic to a. avocados or b. cilantro is a tune to a death sentence.
i feel like the question i ask myself the most is "why are you like this?"
idk why but i feel like you'd like this
i feel abandoned already
"ooh, i feel good now." -richard nixon
i feel like espn's niche is softball, bowling, and human interest pieces. please stop baseball coverage.
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i will cry over the sky looking beautiful, a sweet gesture, someone sharing intimate feelings, or because of the love i feel in a hug.
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
i feel like those were the fastest days off ever. like do i really have to go back to work tomorrow??
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again
"i've been on the low i've been taking my time i feel like i'm out of my mind it feel like my life ain't mine"
i have just rt'd my own joke on another account. now i feel a little like i have just done something publicly lewd.
is there a word/name for the irrational anger and monumental irritation that i feel when women on the train do their makeup
i feel like absolute <bleep> i hate everything what a nice start to a monday!
top two indians in the ipl most runs aren't there perfect biased as usual! i feel bad that i even e
i feel bad for this guy he probs lost so much elo lol. kinda his fault for making me waste 4 pots since he pearled while i was
i feel so down and being like this has irritated me
i don't know how to love. i feel nothing
never mind i feel better i found one of dani's letters
everything might be falling into place but i feel like something terrible is going to happen hahaha #livingwithanxiety
i feel like i'm always at work now
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
easier for me to be distant than explain how i feel
i don't think people understand the way i feel and tend to treat me the wrong way
also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!
i thought she was holding a pillow i feel betrayed
i feel like the government hypnotized me when i watched this
i just realized i let a bunch of fans touch my pony tail today as they were curious to feel it. "can i feel ur ponytail
listen up feel my vibe + wolo and 1:31am stages in hd, are on " got7 fly concert in seoul dvd ". i feel like crying h
i hate how instagram isn't in chronological order anymore. i feel like i miss everything
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
"once upon a time i feel inlove with a person who can't never love me back." "the end"
i feel like i'm going crazy but honestly i think it's cause i've only slept like 20 hours in the past week lmao
i feel my team heavy
lol broooo they rowdy! so are bassnectar fans , i feel like i'm gonna get attacked for this tweet btw
sometimes i feel so happy, sometimes i feel so sad, sometimes i feel so lost, sometimes i feel so empty but this is life.
#summershere and i feel the love #sundaymay7th is filled with love all around you #kentkriste
horrific! i feel for you! how on earth can it be yr responsibility if worsened by #cwi installation?
i feel like a plastic bag on the daily, thank you
art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! go
zack, i get it from literally everyone. i feel like i could get #gamergaters and sjws triggered with the same tweet about
idk man i feel myself drifting back to sleep jk jk
i feel like i haven't spoken about jinyoung in a while but i spent 4 hours watching his focus videos on yt today
i feel less emotional when i hear the word nut
before, i fell inlove. now, i feel nothing at all.
i wish you could understand the way i feel about you.
i feel a sore throat coming &lt;
yall dont know how accomplished i feel
i finally talked to someone about my dad for hours without crying and i feel so relieved
i really just have no words to explain how i feel.... or i've said all the words i could've and it didn't make me feel any better... are deteriorating. i feel trapped by circumstances i face on a daily basis.i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist award i feel guilty if i not vote bts every minutei wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like i deserve a medal or something. preferably a chocolate one.whenever i feel weak, i'll remember those who make me strong. whenever i start to doubt myself, i'll remember those whoi've been sick for a bit and i feel like i'm gonna sneez but i suffer because i just don't sneez which is annoying aflisten up feel my vibe + wolo and 1:31am stages in hd, are on " got7 fly concert in seoul dvd ". i feel like crying hif i feel any type of bad vibe or anything i'm staying far tf away #goodvibesonlydon't get me wrong, i love being at university. but i feel very alone herei feel u..whenever i see someone sad or when they need me i try me best to help no matter how sad i am..although we havent meet in person, but why am i feel that we are so close?i feel like my better than all them <bleep>es he been witi feel like harry's a lot closer to us now like it's probably because he's solo but everything feels much more intimatei feel yahi feel peace with the world. i am voting for for the #bbmas top social artist award #btsbbmasthis new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.i couldn't ask for a better family. i feel the love of each one for maymay and edward. #maymayglamorousat20i feel so numb rni feel like i'm always at a crossroads in life.... every. single. day.me: i feel so inspired im gonna write something me 5 mins later: <bleep> this ima just be a trophy wife insteadbye i feel like im going to faint.i feel my life falling apartmy coworker told me i'm an undercover hoe and idk how i feel about thati feel really light headed and dizzyi'm so tired not the i'm so sleepy tired but the i feel so miserable tired i'm so tired and i don't know what to do anymorei feel stupid for liking you.i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.i feel for yai don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli guess i'll go out with you, guren. i-it's only because i feel sorry for you!j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i sin all honesty, i have no idea what i'm doing anymore. i feel more lost than i did 4 years agoim so lonely i feel lonely. emphhhhi feel this so muchi feel like if i were a boy i'd have a chodebeen reading a bannon book, the fourth turning, and already i feel 100% better about #frenchelection. #macron only delays the inevitable.i feel the same about all the foul language we hear on tv lately. i think it's the sound of old media dying.i feel like i've learned nothing that makes me so aggravatedi feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi feel like i understand the whole situation better now. im not angry as much as i was before but i feel like crying tbh.aaaaaarg i feel you, today i couldn't sleep until 4 ami feel like lee dong wook looks better with a tanvery sleepy. i was reading a book for 2 days straight and i feel like passing out."1376970 of i win this i'm giving it to my best friend who doesn't have any good skins on cs:go xd i feel bad for himim starting to get sick i feel iti'm speechless. i feel like i been sent to the future. everything is so damn crazy these days. take me back to 1994.i feel as though, i'm the only person on this app who has chill lmaowhy do i feel like they lost a betayeeee i feel that i should be doing the same but ehhhh i'm notgoodnight i feel like this week is off to a great start.and i feel like this year is really about, just the year of realizing that water is weti feel dirty lovebut i also waited behalf of my capacity reasons laasikaameelana asaajemaati ajesugoadeenui'm tired and irresponsible and just want to go to sleep but i cannot because of finals and bc of that i feel like deathjust gonna tell her how i feel. bezio, give me an a before you catch these hands fri think i am going to cash and dash i feel like it is going to pop big time !!!now that wedding ended and we are all talking about cs not getting another season i feel like i am back to not knowing what i' m living forit made me reflect on those days when girls would marvel at my erykah badu glasper collection. i feel so used ,instead of telling you how i feel, i'll tweetthanks to for running a story about my situation. i feel like hiding in a corner in utter embarrassment.i often end up looking for free briefs online to do just so i feel like i have a "portfolio" of pro looking work.i feel so sicksometimes i feel i'll never be where i wanna be and that scares mejackson: i feel so powerful!! youngjae: all you did was open a jar of pickles jackson: look i did not come here to be disrei feel like i was hit by a busgeneric bug or food poisoning... <bleep> me i feel rough.i feel sorry for people who were not blessed with the opportunity to see ronaldinho play football ...
my life is so boring i feel more restricted than ever send help
i feel a lot of homogeneity all children sing i do not care where you are from. everyone worries about the same problem. it
i feel this
i wish i can laugh for no reason whenever i feel so fked up.
"dude i feel like i just felt the color purple"
i feel a change coming
listen up feel my vibe + wolo and 1:31am stages in hd, are on " got7 fly concert in seoul dvd ". i feel like crying h
i feel so stupid
a few thoughts on worship. i feel as if american and west african worship services are too loud for this global moment.
"how am i supposed to tell you that i feel like i'm dying ?" a mark on my soul - #mood
i feel like nobody is caring
it's on my list for sure next time i feel up to reading an intense book
i couldn't ask for a better family. i feel the love of each one for maymay and edward. #maymayglamorousat20
dunno how i feel right now
i feel like i'm not as cute as i used to be
i feel like something bad is going to happen soon
yes, thank you so much! i feel stupid now 'cause i didn't understand 100% what he said..
i can agree. cause i feel like i'll be kinkier than people want to write &gt;.&lt;
he's the sweetest i feel happy for her mother now
ok ok i feel that
yes! sore body but i feel great! how are you??
had 2 pints last night and i feel <bleep>! what is life
i feel like i had more trials a tribulations this semester than i have had my entire life
idk i feel i'll af lol. you??
i feel like this would be less unnerving if it wasn't flesh coloured
i feel left out because and have a bond over olives.
i just realized ganon and ganondorf are different things and i feel like a peasant.
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
i am so hype for may 17th. i feel like i've been waiting for your album since even before you announced you were making one.
ya i feel you doh!
still trying to understand how i feel about you.
the music really is my escape.. gotta explain how i feel some way .
i feel satisfied good!
i feel dead and look dead
you missed godseop's amazing live i feel sad
i feel this way about friday 2 vs friday
having met many felines i feel like the term "scaredy-cat" is an oxymoron.
when brandon flynn winks i feel it deep in my soul
did a lot of social service to the orphans......i feel proud today.....proud to be in this world......i wish you will follo
i feel like i was a totally different person last time i was here.
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
it's confirmed that frieza is coming back i don't know how i feel about ask someone who committed genocide to your r
i can't believeeeee we're gunna be playing our own songs at our first show to you guys... in less than 2 dayzzz. i feel ev
i feel like your nose is always goin tf through it lmao just voldemort that thing away
i feel for you mate billed me for 900 worth of <bleep> i swear i didn't use
bro gave me a hour nap break then gone ask do i feel better .... <bleep> no!
i feel like it's because if he rise in feminism and misogyny in the us. men and women don't seem to be able to
that's how i feel about water signs in general but i think i feel more grounded w/air ppl lol.
just got back from the grocery store so i feel like i have already survived the worst this weather bomb has to offer.
day 75 without <bleep> : the walls are closing in...i feel the oxygen being cut off in my lungs.
sometimes i feel pity about myself
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel like i couldn't even do that at the postmates stage lol they really shouldn't have sold 40,000 tickets
i feel like singing ubiquitous db is a must for some sort of sao ritual lmao.
how close am i to hour i feel like i'm getting dangerously close
i feel
poorly belle today guys, i feel <bleep> tbh. i'll be online a bit later maybe :(
you know i know stuff but when i talk to people that actually know stuff i feel dumb like i don't know anything.
i feel like my energy is wasted when i make a fantastic niche reference and my straight friends don't get it
i feel comfortable enough with my understanding of sonic and his match-ups to share my opinion of his match-up chart, so he
i feel that. mine have kind of just turned to hans zimmer compositions with me howling low notes like brrrrrrrrrrrrrg
i feel sick :(
i feel sorry for lucas perez. wenger just wasted a whole season of his career smhthe way u speak in prss confrnce i feel if there is a loose motion uh dirctly blme centre,modi for that l.motion..i was gonna look who your header is and now i feel being trickedthank you mrs betty i feel so sorry for you and americai'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingi feel like i haven't been making the college memories that i should be.i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel blessedi feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armlol, i feel some kind of special that i belong to the 0.16%i feel less human because of having less time than i thought it would lmaoshe asks me, do you feel alright? and i say yes, i feel wonderful tonight. #maymayglamorousat20i feel like my scarf makes my head so hoti'll talk to you whenever i feel like talking to you dpmo.i should doublecheck, i feel like i didnt get to vote 100 times on the website. #btsbbmaspeace in the world is a good goal, but i feel that peace in the youtube comments section would be a bigger accomplishment.omg im back guys whats <bleep>in let me know i feel so outta da loopme trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.i feel. all sick and shaky and gross.i feel his wins were too easy in ligue 1. he failed in champions. but the again conte failed too. its more gut feelingi feel like my insides are twisting.whenever i feel my self-confidence waning i just think of someone elegant like emma watson getting diarrhea and it genuinely helps.i feel like i'm already tired tomorrow.i feel as soon as i walk out of this exam my existential crisis will beginthe only ego i feel like stroking these days is my ownwhen i'm listening to noven belleza when he sang now and forever i feel inlove"i'm going...i feel it."i feel appreciatedi don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli feel your paini feel sorry for myself, for always letting people step all over me, for always letting people treat me like a trash, just bi always here that i'm doing a lot for a 22 year old but i feel like i ain't doing <bleep> uhhhhhi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we onbro i feel old af now... wtf gi feel even worse because i'm in two games, both as a paladin now and most of them are only in oneim infinitely stuck in 2014 because two trucks is still a core part of my identity i feel like i.yeah you're right also random but i feel wiz celtics and spurs rockets will definitely go 7i feel you jan barbs. #maymayglamorousat20i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi feel so useless#btsbbmas #btsbombinphv2 #btswingstourmanila i feel like running around the globe just to film hobi and other memmaybe i should stop eating breakfast so early... every morning i feel sick orz stilli feel so out the loop from everything. sometimes i have these moments where i feel like i'm on the outside looking in. doi feel you, i want you, i know your touch is all i need. i'm waiting, you're shining.i feel the adrenaline moving through my gains, spotlight on me and i'm ready to playi feel like baby stunner .i feel absolutely <bleep>tyi feel ya man loli feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni shared a lazy town meme and now i feel dirty, do the same but have neither time or company atm.i feel that cat. it's the equivalent of cardboard tampons. yes i wanna save the planet but i also wannano amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feelwhen i love, i love hard. nothing or no one can change the way i feel about that person.i feel <bleep>ing disgusting i hate feeling like this and everyone tells me they can't see the weight gain but i <bleep>ing feel itidk if its a san diego thing or a cali thing but i feel like being called a weirdo is such an insult here i do not take thahonestly i feel like if everyone smoke the world would be a chill placei feel like i am very annoying when it comes to expressing my opinions.if anyone thinks the joke from was offensive, damn i feel sorry for you. what is the world coming to. #pomenyesal gedik pergi workout semalam today i feel like an old lady screaming "aduduh" everytime nak duduki feel sono tweet on game day sums up how i feel! #mufc #arsmanu#misssunshine thank you for the show.. am in uganda..play i feel it coming
i loathe how pathetic i feel right now, i have a fear of talking to women even ones who i consider my friends and it really <bleep>s.
i feel you
i feel u
i wonder if they tell kat graham to always tilt her head to the side so i eyes can look aligned.. i feel like i'm always focused on them
i feel soo lonely
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i see that. . . hmm, i feel kind of bad for yuudachi, she has been in the fleet longer
oh, i had some revolting scrambled eggs at a hotel for brekkie once and it ruined my whole day. i feel for you!
it's a new day i feel blessed
everytime i remember you, i feel broke.
bc boy do i feel like death
i feel like wonder woman in this pic #wonderwoman
#maymayglamorousat20 and i say yes i feel wonderful tonight
she asks me, do you feel alright? and i say yes, i feel wonderful tonight. #maymayglamorousat20
i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need something..
can you hear a groans? that great groans i feel it is rising behind the wind. i am afraid. what....what did you do to my child??
suddenly i feel a lot less safe in my own country - the threat - it's never been the terrorists, it's always
another week that went too fast. i seriously want to control time and slow it down. i feel like, i breathe, and it's over.
wakka: "hating your own father, huh? sounds like a luxury to me. i don't even remember my parents. can't say how i feel about 'em."
it makes me so happy haha thanks friends i feel the love
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
they're talking about cults and i feel he'd be the first to start one
i feel so ill i just want my bed
i feel motion sickness from my worries,the sticker(nauseous patch)is always below my ear-i vote bts 4 bbma 2017 top social a
i feel bad for ppl who attempt to text me bc im always in and out of sleep
i feel like growing my hair out and dyeing it gray and getting a black stud earring
i just ordered a massive hotdog at weatherspoon's but i feel too sick to eat so i threw it in the fireplace
last night i simply couldnt take it anymore.and right now i dont think i feel anything at all
yeah i feel back better now
lmaooo i feel u
someone is going to ss this i feel.
i feel too grown for dramas tbf
i feel like an avocado today
but i feel good about it.
it's a touch when i feel bad it's a smile when i get mad #maymayglamorousat20
why isn't "i eat <bleep>" still a meme. i feel like it should be.
i feel triggered everytime i see roa like cmon shes just perf
i be smoking woods till i feel my heart beat
#maymayglamorousat20 i feel wonderful because i see the love light in your eyes
i feel like a nugu when i talk to you sno. you're a celebirty
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
nigga i'm at work <bleep> i feel tired
once i get a pet dog i feel like my life will get drastically better
but i feel like that's gonna change #maymayglamorousat20
yes yes i did. i feel energized.
i'm getting sick and i feel like <bleep>
you can be the chills that i feel on our first date mclisse perfecttwo
i feel like i'm already tired tomorrow.
staying positive. saying prayers. i feel something good is coming
i couldn't ask for a better family. i feel the love of each one for maymay and edward. #maymayglamorousat20
i feel like so many good things are going to happen this summer
i feel so lost and empty
i feel bad for the people who voted against macron. they have 2 live in the hellhole he creates, possibly
i feel a little stronger than before. where did this come from all of a sudden?
i feel like harry's laughing at us rn #signofthetimesmusicvideo
i feel all off balance this morning, <bleep>
(sabotage. i feel you liking this one, too, russy.)
i feel like a wockstar
considering that many use a postal vote i feel politicians are leaving it a touch late to actually get moving with their campaigning.
i feel like i need to go to walmart get some <bleep> to cook i'm hungry now
i feel so threatened but i love it
i feel like speedracer's mom; he takes my breath away...
i feel that blaire white is uncool.
i feel so damn sick now but how did i get sick
" do what i feel " in love with this song, love you so muchi'm the most me i've ever been i feel the most free i've ever felti feel like nothing. no self confidence, no motivation, nothing. i just feel like i am here taking up space all the time.not easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #moti feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armyou don't know how i feel all the gods?just had the best sleep of my life, i feel celestialugh yesss! i feel this so much. i just stop speaking immediately and move on to the next topic cos it's not worth itthat injection was painful.! bt i feel alright nowi feel damn fking <bleep>ty be i spend a lot this month by of such necessities then i didn't even work sia wah <bleep>i woke up today and i prayed in a way i don't normally pray and i swear i feel amazing !i feel sorry for all you wives who don't think your man is <bleep>y what a sad life!i feel like i don't own enough hoodies lmaoi drank too much tho at once bc i havnt had a drink in??? 20ish hours n i feel like poop this is helli feel pathetic sending you messages you never openi feel so happy for no <bleep>ing reason when i see youin a room full of failers, i feel outta placeohhhh my...the upcoming full moon is strong and powerful! i feel like a walking dead todayi feel you should remove the m, a and n from your name incase it's offending a gender ...ha..i might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.i feel with you.. it's okay to be abby, i'll love you no matter what. &lt;'3never feel anything watching it** like im like oh this is sad but i dont get emotional and i feel like thats weirdsometimes i feel like i have dom tendencies but like a power bottom kinda thing ygmi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like i've asked this 1000 times but i've gotten no response. maybe, just maybe i might get an answer this time: what do you want?i feel like this is exactly the kind of thing the un was created to deal withmy will for college has dissipated. i always procrastinate at home and whenever i look at work in college i feel like i've been shackledi feel like i'm getting some major sass from this birdsomeone please come hold me while i sleep, i feel like trashhhhi feel like i might pass out from this heat!!!!!!i hate it when people call me funny because i feel like i have to say something really funny again and i just cant handle that pressurei feel so worthlessstill trying to understand how i feel about you.27. when i see kisses on tv, i get awkward because i feel like i'm imposing on a tender moment. i always look away because of thiswhen i start the conversation, i feel like i'm annoying you.i feel this way every day. i do love fifi the most thoughwell i feel like absolute turdi feel like joon's nut would clear up my acne and help me lose weight. like that <bleep> has to be powerfullike she deserves the best mom ever and i feel so inadequate. at least i wait until she goes to sleep to lose my <bleep>.for such players i feel the entry point is playing a bilateral moment before they get a call for the icc tournamenti feel your pain.t total for a week and i feel fresh as <bleep>sometimes i feel some people wants not happiness and i'm not your mother or your monkeyi feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi feel like deathi feel 'nauseated' that #jamescomey is 'nauseous' to the american democratic process. see what i did there?i feel like i'm misunderstood because no one takes the time to actually get to know mei feel dizzyyyyyyyyyyshould i balik kuantan this week i feel like i shouldfuck i feel ill.i feel like i haven't slept all weekend lolmanaged to squeeze in some me time during finals week. i feel like a new person! bring it on!when i feel like im forgetting myself in that place i find my old self army squad #btsbbmasi am living i love day6 so much the video was a life- changing experience isbeiejeiwkwkwkos i feel alivei feel as though i have missed out but my hubby is a bobby so he doesn't like to watch things that remind him of worki wasn't at all bothered by staying another year at community college but not i feel stressed to get into a 4 yearyou know that amazing feeling you get after a great work out? that's how i feel sitting on the couch.i haven't played all games for 2 months now, i feel like i have my life backand ik im not dumb but i can't help how i feeli feel like yousef wanted to kiss her but silence spoke more than words when she nodded saying 'no' and that was adorable htti feel like i function like a normal human who can concentrate and work without being distracted/fidgety at hours i should be awhen i feel like nobody appreciates me i just remember it's nobody's job to give a <bleep> about me and nobody can <bleep> wii feel bad for bungard that he will kick 0/10. 1 at mostfor someone who's barely had any sleep in the last year or so, i feel exceptionally <bleep>ty and irritated this morningi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we onidk if its a san diego thing or a cali thing but i feel like being called a weirdo is such an insult here i do not take thaif i feel like i'm doing too much, i immediately fall back. i ain't finna fw nobody more than they fw me.i feel like tony is about to blow his own spot up here. #survivornzwhy tf i feel like we'll bottle against m'boro tonight ! #gutfeelingswow i feel speciali feel like everything is different between us
*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loser
eish i feel for anonymous it hurts like hell to find a guy's number saved with a girl's name,there's someth
i feel you
i feel u
life has been so trippy lately, i'm just trying to figure out where i stand. it's like every foundation i feel grounded on,
i literally just want us to work but i feel it's impossible
i accidentally fell asleep around 7pm and woke up at 11ish and now i feel like i'm going to be up all night.
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i feel all of this so hard
i've gone 6 weeks without a haircut and i feel hideous.
such a beautiful day. we're gonna make things happen this week. i feel it. cc
i think i feel in love with them booty shorts
anddddddddd i feel like an idiot now
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
i feel like having pepper lunch for dinner
i feel so happy for no <bleep>ing reason when i see you
this amazing you have me on your mirror!!! i feel blessed
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i miss a friend well a brother of mine, however i feel like he's outgrown me. i am happy he found a better life somewhere else though.
i feel the same way i can't thank them enough love you bangtan !! i vote for for top soc
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
i feel you t!!
this isn't about anyone tho i just don't understand why i feel sad smh
but i feel like this about food 24/7
the gym has killed me this morning, i feel like a walking zombie i now have three videos to film, good luck to me
i feel in love with you
i feel like it almost is, but ppl purposely move or look to la for the fashion. here, it's lowkey +natural. ppl can dr
voting for for #btsbbmas deeper,i feel like dying every day please let me be punished please forgive me for my sins
today i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of love
i feel <bleep>d...and not in the good way
i just realized i let a bunch of fans touch my pony tail today as they were curious to feel it. "can i feel ur ponytail
when i'm with you, i feel safe from the things that hurt me inside
i feel like natural females get along so well with each other lol. i think it's because we bond over products and techn
.@sturgillsimpson so forgive me if sometimes i seem a little crazy but <bleep>, sometimes crazy is how i feel
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel regardless of the family competitive position should be contested by everyone this nominations were above board. #oburuodinga
i feel more like an onion with <bleep>ty layers on a daily basis lol yay for getting older
also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!
i feel awful
in empty fields on summer nights i feel the flashing lights teeth clenched in moonlight a limitation, want to ignite
i feel it is time to stop forcing unnatural connections this timeline and stop attaching myself to people who i think i should be with
i'm so fertile i just never know... i feel like if i even look at my bd a certain way i'll get pregnant lbvs
i feel bad because they changed it t__t
i feel you powsxzzz
translating the mri report to layman terms i feel like a doctor now!
why do i feel like i'm too busy doing nothing
everytime i feel nostalgic its always me thinking bout eating takis in 5th grade watching clifford and chairman of the board
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i feel the hype....
i feel so bad to ask ppl to pay me back a few cents or dollars they borrowed, if i was rich i wouldn't mind at all but s
i feel you #maymayglamorousat20
i feel blue
i feel like death
i feel bad for my mom mental social confusion. i'm sad cause i know i lost a mom a long time ago.
i'm inspired by haruki murakami's transcendent <bleep>a. i feel ready to begin my romance novella. pls support the art
i feel like a crackheads carpet
today i feel nothing but dismay for france. a country i love almost as much as i love uk. i forgive you for you know not w
i feel so crappy omg
a) aren't cults anti-anarchic? b) i feel like there are better examples of primordial chaos that aren't evil dragon monsters.
i feel gross. like on the insidei feel like the movie is going to be super emotional like a boy from n korea want to tap dance during war time. my kinda filmsometimes i feel like companies know but they don't carei feel ui feel great today. i haven't been myself for about two weeks now. it's a good day.i need your love i need your time when everythings wrong you make it right i feel so high i come alive i need to be free with you tonighti feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armyay for birthday surprises from my favorite barkada and from the entire marketing!! i feel the love. hehe ty.one day when i feel comfortable enough i'll give a detailed experience of how life forced me to start acknowledging my own mh#championstrophy2017 a gud team but i feel bad 4 he should b in team.selectors pls select him as he scored gud runs in #iplif i feel unwanted i just leave. idk what's up with anything anymore.hah, i feel that way about yamaguchi. loved my 3 years thereits amazing how crazy i feel when my phone vibrates and im begging it to be you. #dtbyscandali feel like spitingggggg!0!no amount of sleep in the world could cure the amount of tiredness i feeland i feel bad because i've been out trying to have fun and i feel like a damn dark cloud on everyone's fun. shoulda stayed home..@mmanahilkhattak you look so beautiful and angelic, i feel like id dirty you just by touching you.y'all alia is gassing me up so much i feel like i can halt waterfalls hug all the trees ;--;i've had such minimal sleep over the last 72 hours and after a full day of waiting at airports flying i feel drained all over againi hate it when people call me funny because i feel like i have to say something really funny again and i just cant handle that pressuretoday i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of lovei am not particularly sure how i feel about d negotiatin terrorists 4d chibok girls but i'm jus glad d girls r free n back wit dia familiesi feel for homeboy, he was disillusioned nje. i would really contribute to his bail. #friendsofelvisramosebudiyou can choose whatever you want to eat and i'll shout if i feel like iti feel guilty for not casting a vote for a couple of days #btsbbmasi don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feelyaa but sometimes i feel something about you haihi feel so emptyif you keep stalking him even when he is with his family he won't stop anymore poor guy i feel so bad nowi know im gonna sleep well when i feel all warm amd fuzzy inside and out and im just laying down smiling with my eyes closedi feel the same way too last saturday night.why do i feel like i lost something i never hadi feel like natural females get along so well with each other lol. i think it's because we bond over products and techni feel disgusted w/myself bc i've never been that ugly before i wanna apologize to everyone who saw everything. wish me luck on finals yooi feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythii feel like liberals haven't learned their lesson when they're declaring right-populism dead after the fn got their bestand suddenly i feel so afraid of the void eat jin i voted for #btsbbmas top social artist awardeven i feel now he's lost the plot, sai :/i hate how instagram isn't in chronological order anymore. i feel like i miss everythingi feel like it no longer becomes relatable it just seems condescending but idk???? maybe i am super tireda few boys just passed me, and one of them was saying that guys sounded f****** amazing though, i feel proud #bapinbudapeon normal a day i feel like i don't want a baby and then i see a baby and i'm like holy <bleep> yeah i definitely don't wanti feel bad for anyone who lost me and anyone who will lose me. i'm greati feel the need to spend the evening looking at something relaxing! original watercolours in my shop nowi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we onmorning twitterverse! i feel like i've 'got this' today so if ive got this... you've defiantly 'got this':-( y do i feel so sad today :-(thanks you so much i feel pleasurei feel like that's what that meansyou'll never know how i feel when i see you with someone else!.i get jealous because sometimes i feel i'm not good enough for you, and might lose you to someone better.i led a <bleep>roach to its death i feel guilty...............do kyungsoo, "i feel honored to be able to work with kang hyungchul director." the filming is planned to be started in septi feel so sorry for u, the struggle is realfeel like i ain't feelin' you all feel like removin' myself, no feelings involved i feel for you...*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loseri feel like ghost (room 93,) strange love (badlands,) and eyes closed (hopeless fountain kingdom) are all connected together.
i feel like those selfies would look less scary and weird if he weren't wearing his contacts, but alas
i voted for or but i feel so dirty now
sacrificing everyday i feel like jesus carter.
not sure how i feel bout dear white people on netflix i've watched 3 episodes it does nothing but fit every social stereotype for blk folk
i vote #btsbbmas hugging namjoon would be great because i feel like he'd give those hugs where your face gets squis
well now i feel left out! :(
listen up feel my vibe + wolo and 1:31am stages in hd, are on " got7 fly concert in seoul dvd ". i feel like crying h
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i feel so dizzy loinie forasaptoronto
summer kinda stresses me out because i feel like i have to be doing something fun at all hours or else i'm wasting summer
i feel so helpless rn
"ahh i feel like a virile ox. " -marlton johnson
as time passes, i feel so low
so many things to do before i fly to the us on weds, but i feel so disease-ridden! *flumps tragically*
heterosexual men are so disgusting i feel bad for women who'll have to put up w them.
i feel like crying when i hear 'father son' - cat stevens. because i immediately think of the scene when it was playing in #gotg
i feel very attacked.
amy schumer is unfunny and increadibly untalented. i feel bad for the ppl who like her.
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
paralysis again. how i waste my days. i feel a terrific blocking and chilling go through me like anesthesia. my mind li
i'm contemplating with my life what the actual <bleep> man i feel like i'm wasting my life but then i don't actually know what i should do
also imma need the contact info of whoever is laughing cuz nothing about this <bleep> is funny
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
oh well.. i feel bad.
same <bleep> i hate it so mucho i feel like my hand is dead
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
and im so tempted to say <bleep> it and go to my exams unprepared because i feel like i'm choking right now i
i'd love to have a couple of months off to travel been working for over 35 yrs with 2 weeks hols a year. i feel really burnt out.
my top 3 heroes on that account are widow, ana, and hanzo. i feel so dirty
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
i feel like i get more and more exhausted as the days pass by
i feel so groggy it's like i've been out on a sesh but i haven't even touched alcohol since thursday...
i wish you could understand the way i feel about you.
just saw this and owemjii i feel so attacked. j-hope is so damn hot im- i am voting for #btsbbmas top social arti
i feel u i fux wid dat
i'm so stressed i feel sick
i feel that cultural appropriation is godawful.
hate when i wake up to a text from 3 hours ago asking if i'm still awake.. i feel like i missed out on helping someone with a hard time..
i lost my camo tfox hat and i feel incomplete
"i feel so nice , mom i feel so nice " #btsbbmas
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
i feel exactly like a fetus
within that maelstrom i cannot trust every feeling fam and if i'm blabbing every one of those feeling whitney the minute i feel them?
i feel like being gone permentaly would solve the solution
i feel so nice, mom i feel so nice voting for top social artist award #btsbbmas
you really need some work off i feel i also need this. :p
i feel like i'm already tired tomorrow.
i feel it all
i have a pal who also has kaito as leader i feel the niisan power bond
i feel like it should be easy to get my mind off of her but it's not.
this week is the phase which is i feel excited but more to sad
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i feel my feet dragging today and i haven't even got out of bed yet
i told the guy in front of me a <bleep>roach crawled inside his seat and now i feel kind of bad about it.
feel personally attacked by this relatable content
art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! go
i feel old...watching frasier and i'm now older than he was in the show.. #oldfart
i feel like this emotion has been locked away in the depths of my subconscious since my childhood. i have nothing left to
i feel so lazy today voting for in #btsbbmas
my god that was such a hard conversation to have lol i feel like crying
sometimes i feel exasperated by human beings...
instead of telling you how i feel, i tweet.
i feel refreshedidk how ppl can hurt other ppl feelings with no problems, to me i feel so guilty and <bleep>ty.i know that's why i feel worried for pea's tr!they sound bloodthirsty!i feel like i got hit with a bat all over my body.... lmao fmli vote #btsbbmas hugging namjoon would be great because i feel like he'd give those hugs where your face gets squisi feel like im that type of person who'd be down to get random tattoos all the time but i dont know what to get first and ilisten up feel my vibe + wolo and 1:31am stages in hd, are on " got7 fly concert in seoul dvd ". i feel like crying hi feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armnot bc i feel particularly unwell but i just don't feel settled in it yet and that makes me feel anxious and like i don't want to be there#btsbbmas i feel so far away give my vote to for the #bbmas top social artist award!i feel like i need a vacation before these damh exams just to detox and get emotionally, mentally and physically readythis how i feel when my boy drake says "outta body.....thats just how i feel when i'm around you shawty" hallelujah, godi feel you ;;.@dragonembers wow i feel so lovedi stopped shopping all together because why bother i don't go anywhere because i feel fat and i don't want anyone to see me.seriously mark plays a crucial role in got7 yet he says that he doesn't have a role.... i feel like banging my head into a walli love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutwe are just in the same place with them like for past two hours 6 hours ago and now bangtan is in the airport flying backi feel like nothing. no self confidence, no motivation, nothing. i just feel like i am here taking up space all the time.i feel great after spamming this guy on how trash he isi feel like yousef wanted to kiss her but silence spoke more than words when she nodded saying 'no' and that was adorable htti feel like a little kid on christmas evethe word of god is needed for daily living. it's the only thing that keeps me moving regardless of how i feel.i feel exhausted.more jaehyun pleasee i feel lme: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel betterit's those random, on-the-spot moments that push me the most - i feel too bad to explain that they've pulled up an english speaker!i feel like laughing and i can't tell why. fans will attack me. i m such a hoei feel like if i were to stop focussing on these petty boiis my skin would clear upthe english language is so difficult to learn as a second language i feel guilty for having felt frustration at herjust saw this and owemjii i feel so attacked. j-hope is so damn hot im- i am voting for #btsbbmas top social artitasked to be the videographer for today's mos. i feel so fortunate that we interviewed liza soberano. this girl is perfeci feel like i might like man in a movie more than dance dancei feel like a zombie today...i'll wearing the black when i feel missing you ...there's a side of things with jobs like that i feel that really isn't mentioned.i feel like liberals haven't learned their lesson when they're declaring right-populism dead after the fn got their bestnot easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #moti genuinely can't stand up i feel so ill wtf is thisyeah, we talked about it a bit earlier today, although i feel a bit bad for pressuring if they end up stressed abt it and worki guess i feel stupidi say sorry a lot mostly because i feel like everything is my fault.i feel so uncomfortable to the point where i might die at this point from how high my levels of stress and anxiety aregood morning everyone where are all my minions at i feel like a <bleep>hole i don't me to sound like i'm unappreciated for the job i havei can't get enough of #sahlta, a day i don't see them i feel like grilled sandwich without greenalright theres definitely something wrong with m the only way i feel rested is after sleeping for 20 hoursi feel like an idiotsigh seriously i feel like killing themi feel like you tweeting about monster is unrepressing memoriesi feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasare my hormones messin around or something cause i feel so <bleep>ty today#agshame i feel so sorry for the #hawks now that the dangerous would-be #assassin #elvisramosebudi is once againi feel bad for yachty tho, knowing joe this might get ugly lol. hoping yacht phoned him after the show hahahi feel you are lucky to just cross the line,want u2make best use of opportunity coming your way.v need fearless n smart dhawana huge weight was just lifted off my shoulders and i feel awesome!!! #blessedomg same tbh i feel ui feel so broken. i love u lantai feel like i didn't properly introduce myself to you before but hi i'm percival and i like video game and kitty pawsi woke up this morning thinking it was sunday. i feel as if i have been robbed of a weekendi feel super sad n out of it today, i don't want to do anythingdo kyungsoo, "i feel honored to be able to work with kang hyungchul director." the filming is planned to be started in septi feel for you that <bleep> be in the wayonce i feel like i'm forcing you to talk to me i'm really gonna distance myself and if we don't speak so be it*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loseri feel weird being sympathetic or showing affection to othersthere is a lot of work to do and i feel like <bleep>i feel like i grew up with the mindset that i can't trust no one and was told "i only stayed because of you" i don't want that for my kids.
i got an ask!! wow how rare, i feel special
i hate doing video stuff too. so i feel you on that. i hope you win the writing thing then!! :)
i vote #btsbbmas hugging namjoon would be great because i feel like he'd give those hugs where your face gets squis
listen up feel my vibe + wolo and 1:31am stages in hd, are on " got7 fly concert in seoul dvd ". i feel like crying h
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
woke up at 0230 hacking my lungs out. i feel like utter <bleep>
i feel very matter of fact about this - simple math.
i feel sad with what happened to ha minho..i wonder why he did it, in the future you must become a mature man, so live better from now on
i feel god in this neoboard tonight
i feel everything but i'm just out of words..
some days like today, i feel like drowning myself in ice cream but it's kind of a rare thing here???
i keep skipping classes and i don't even know if i feel bad about it anymore :3c;;;;;;;
some days i feel one way , other days i feel different... what's wrong with me man..
after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks will
i might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. turn up
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
words are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you kisses jollichocomallowpie
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
i feel dirty after scrolling through them!
i love meeting new people but when i am already meeting them i feel so awkward and ugly and all.
if you didn't grow up calling it a <bleep> tube then i feel sorry for you.....
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
i feel sick i lost my permission slip for chorus rip
i want to get a job but i feel stressed just thinking about it all and know i'll <bleep> it up rlly bad but money
somehow i feel like joe b. will make it back on stage this week. not sure what for, but i'm looking forward to it.
art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! go
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
idk how i feel.
sometimes i think, i need a spare heart to feel all the things i feel. kisses jollichocomallowpie
bangtan after staying here for a week got so fluent in speaking tagalog. i feel so happy :") #wingstourinmanila
people change. do i change? i feel like i'm still the same ignorant girl from years ago who only cares about my own world..... #btsbbmas
yester day i feel tired, haven't replied how is abraod trips
i feel so blessed to be part of this fandom. becoming a 1d fan was the best thing i ever did bc nothing makes me happy
// i feel empty, and lack of interest in thing i used to enjoy. if you ever need someone to talk to, i am here.
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel incomplete huhu!! imy btch
"baby, baby, i feel crazy up all night, all night and every day i gave you something..." slay zquad #premiosmtvmiaw #mtv
i feel yaaa
and suddenly i feel so afraid of the void i vote for top social artist at #btsbbmas
when i'm in your arms i feel safe, like i am protected from any harm.
i vote for #btsbbmas top social artist award. one, i feel like i failed as an army bc i didn't vote yesterday ;(
i feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. im just so tired of every
i'm doing low carb high fat again because it's the best diet for ppl who have insulin resistance (me + fam), and i feel amazing tbh.
i feel bad for all the seniors that are graduating this year.. life's rough after high school
also, i feel so bleh and my stomach is bothering me but i refuse to go downstairs to make food at almost 5 in the morning
twitter, i feel miserable and lonely today. that is all.
i feel like this should be a bring-a-friend-along thing since i parented you while they were gone
i'm stressing so much i feel sick to my stomach, i'm going to cry
i wish i could be straight up and tell ya how i feel and i can't hahaha what am i afraid of honestly. o ya, rejection.
nothing makes sense anymore i feel like i am living in an alternative reality
i feel like such an intellectual today i threw in like 10 peribahasas in my essays but theyre all probably out of context but whatever
17days till im 19 i feel old
i don't know wtf i feel anymore
i feel like death
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
that's a massive site! again i feel i always asking this but where's the support structure for all these pe
the farther i get from you. the more i feel like dyin
do kyungsoo, "i feel honored to be able to work with kang hyungchul director." the filming is planned to be started in sept
and when you're gone, i feel incomplete
the guy is ice cold :'d then she's still "helloing" after the dial tone comes. i feel for her man.i feel bad that they dont have the ability to just be happy for other people's success, specially the ones they think are lower than themi feel like a lot of my classmates forgot my pronouns and none of the juniors rly like me okayi feel so friendlessvote for #btsbbmas i feel yet alive,the tiresome trip to work and back homei feel thisi feel godlyi vote #btsbbmas hugging namjoon would be great because i feel like he'd give those hugs where your face gets squisyey i just took a bath i feel so freshen up (((but i guess it will feel humid later bc that's ph weather is)))i feel like....you were asking 4 protection...ya feel me....&amp; hence i was in the atmosphere...i was around you...i've just been up all night reading #theradiumgirls and i feel like i've been run over by a truck. fantastic work.i feel like a person nowi feel like i'm always either kicking <bleep> at work or at home. never both lol.everyone and everything is just moving so fast i feel that i can't catch upi feel like going for room deco shopping???words are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you kisses jollichocomallowpieand he signed a 3 movie contract. i like to remind myself of that when i feel down.i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. today we fightthey all have their own personal charm i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.i feel the life slowly draining from sierra leone | world news | world news | the observer.i feel like this belongs to ui hate texting people who don't use smileys. i feel like i'm texting an emotionless robot.this is exactly how i feeli've only just woke up and i feel like <bleep> alreadyi feel like im stuck in a maze...the happiness i feel when im at pride is a feeling i wanna live in forever honestlyi feel like if i got into tg my favorite characters would be ayato, eto and maybe juuzou cause i love me a psycho childi voted for #bbmas top social artist award #btsbbmas today, i feel so good~i'm so tired i feel like a zombie, just stumbling around in a daze. sleepwalkingsometimes i feel im ready for a relationship but im not ready to be brokeni feel so attacated raight naoware there certain head shapes that work better with middle parts because i feel middle parts have never been for me...when u said u were out three days in a row i didnt click that it was your birthday now i feel a <bleep> happy birthday xi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we oncan't believe how much of a lie in i've had today, i feel brilliant!i'd still choose twitter over facebook. i feel safer and unrestricted here.that was a good movie. i feel like i've seen the entire thing with all of these trailers! looks great tho. excited for it.every time i eat at mcdonalds on base, i feel like i'm back on day one here in japan.i feel terrible rni want a boo. i want someone rubbing up on me all day. i know i feel and smell good. i want to share that.ft i feel it coming on repeat #thebeat reminds me of the 80's thanksthey'd welcome help. alas i can't do anything but agree, they've brought this on themslaurent has freckles that come out when he is in the sun for too long and i feel like we cant ignore this non-confirmed facti feel like i'm drowning but i'm not even in water"i've been on the low i been takin my time i feel like i'm outta my mind it feel like my life ain't mine who can relate?"i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. today we fightwhen i touched the piano with my small finger i feel so nice, mom i feel so nice i voted for at the #btsbbi feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasdo kyungsoo, "i feel honored to be able to work with kang hyungchul director." the filming is planned to be started in septi feel like liberals haven't learned their lesson when they're declaring right-populism dead after the fn got their bestmaybe i do not cry, but that hurts. maybe i will not say, but i feel. maybe i do not show up, but i care.i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armi feel like i look stupid today. and me is nooooot liking it. lol #everythingisloose #jologsi feel like the generic moe anime of the deaths in dr3 so now i wanna <bleep>ing die.good morning! hope everyone has a good monday. nothing i have to do today, but may do some laundry if i feel up to it later.i feel like i've been tweeting about bangtan so much more than i normally do latelyis it bad that i use ore as my pronoun? like, i feel most comfortable using ore.i flow so smoothly i feel like i am timeand the flirting was so cringey all i see is <bleep>. sorry lol some might think that's extreme but it's now i feel.i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni can't work. i can't do anything. i feel like a trash this morning.i feel like punching someone this morning, any volunteer?i've been writing flash cards for over 4 hours and my wrist is hella sore i feel like i've been beating my meat for hoursthanks to for running a story about my situation. i feel like hiding in a corner in utter embarrassment.becca i am so grateful, everyone also seems to love it and i feel like a pariahi feel like making a whole individual bts members fan acc, and a whole bts members fan acci feel is going to drop the sound of the times music video in the middle of the night. #signofthetimesmuokay food is getting cold. so now i feel less twitter shy on thinking aloud without giving as much as a <bleep>.
summer kinda stresses me out because i feel like i have to be doing something fun at all hours or else i'm wasting summer
okay now i feel like just crying
once i feel different about u, ur done
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i love the lyrics that explain exactly how i feel.
without you i feel broke like a half of a whole
i vote #btsbbmas hugging namjoon would be great because i feel like he'd give those hugs where your face gets squis
i feel like im that type of person who'd be down to get random tattoos all the time but i dont know what to get first and i
i feel like <bleep>
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
2. i (with one episode left) don't know how i feel about capheus new actor? he's not doing a bad job, he's very good. but i don't feel him
i feel like yoongis agust d mixtape is like a big <bleep> you the world and im really proud min yoongi did that #btsbbmas
y do i feel so weak
the heck people think im the lecturer by now goshhh i feel so old already hahahaha
i feel you
i feel so far away i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas
need a friend to hear me and help me through when i feel depressed.
every time i think about meeting ariana i feel like im going to faint ohmygod this isn't real
i feel like i have a gaping whole in my chest ..
i feel sick but no days off right
i just got the pun in "demo derby"...... i feel like such a fool
you think i'm fine though but really you have no idea how i feel now and it's just <bleep>s really3 <bleep>s
after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks will
i feel like something sweet
sometimes i feel very disconnected from the world
can we take a moment to look at this wonderful cosplay inspired by one of my <bleep>ty stuff????? i feel so blessed..? ht
i've been feeling off lately. like off in a bad way where i feel like there's something missing in my chest
i feel you!!! #maymayglamorousat20
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
i just realised it's only monday means it has only been 3 days since ep 5 but why do i feel like it has been a week alre
thats why i only do it to old people but then i feel bad cuz im deceiving old people
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
today, #lupusfeelslike i just had a long and good night of sleep, but i'm still not sure if i feel rested or not
i feel like im drowning every single day. and its getting harder and harder to keep my head above the surface.
who i am is complicated. what i feel is simple.
i feel like life would be a lot easier if i didn't overthink everything so much..
feel so useless for staying up and studying but still can't do well. haih tepalah focus next paper even though i feel so dem
lately all i feel is u
i feel guilty in evry single <bleep>s
i feel like my tweets aren't very good at being friendly making connections twitter, how do you put that tone accross?
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen.
i feel so blessed by god.
some people don't have a loyal bone in their body... i feel sorry for the parents... smh
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel so lost; so unsure, depressed, anxious. what should i be doing right now? what can i do to feel different?
#signofthetimesmusicvideo me: drop the mv harry harry: drop the mv harry <bleep> shut yo <bleep> up ill drop it when i feel lik
i feel the same but lucky i will quit it soon.
150 followers i feel like i dont post much on here
i feel so proud /grins. thats my son!
i dont know what's wrong with me, i feel so down all of a sudden...
i feel sorry for women who honestly think that their value decreases with every man that touches them. that's a sad place
but i know how i feel about you now #maymayglamorousat20
honestlyyyyyyy i feel the love. the lord has heard me out.
honestly i feel like all nighters sometimes are healthy. give you time to think
if i ever distance myself from you it's probably because i feel like you're going to leave me anyways
having confidence in yourself is the best thing ever. like why am i gonna let someone else determine how i feel about
for some reason, i feel like this thing isnt making the rounds to other #igot7 ~? am i wrong? #dafbama2017_got7 #dafbam
i really really really love him oh my god what did i do to deserve this view i feel like i've seen god #btswingstourinmanila
congratulations to the victor but i feel world football is set to miss out by not having passion and knowle
*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loser
as a gemini i feel attacked
having someone say they miss you has got to be one of the best things ever. i feel appreciated, like that person likes ha
i feel like my energy is wasted when i make a fantastic niche reference and my straight friends don't get it
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i feel the warm inside my heart monanatiling marvoree
maybe i don't cry, but i hurt maybe i won't say, but i feel maybe i don't show, but i care
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
i feel so peaceful listening to marley in class catch me jammin.
"i am glad to be aprt of this initiative as i feel it will boost the development of sports in the country"
my fave #sextoy wouldn't you agree? i love to lock up useless <bleep>s. i feel like the bone collector when #keyholding
i feel like society is slowly teaching men to become squidward when i'd actually prefer a sponge bob
i feel like i dont wanna talk to anyone anymore .
i feel like dancingi get jealous because sometimes i feel i'm not good enough for you, and might lose you to someone better.if this cough doesn't disappear by wednesday then i feel like i'm going to be a rather hated member of the exam hall:)sometimes i feel like the only thing i'm good at is hurting the people i lovei feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armthis weather is an instant mood booster i feel like i'm on top of the world :)))i feel happy for u hahahajustin got very emotional every time he sing "life is worth living" i don't know if it's true but this is what i feel #bed! i'm gonna sleep forever i'm gonna learn how to dream (nice) i feel it coming sleepy people won't see me in class -irethis new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.i swear i'll hear my phone buzz before i feel iti feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.god they got scammed i feel so badi feel bad for stefaneveryone's happy except me. you said the playstation was your payment to me. dolapo's mum still owes me 5k. i feel cheated.i feel harassedahhh lily ghalichi's wedding was yesterday. i feel better alreadyi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like <bleep>accuratetext: i feel so happy for no <bleep>ing reason when i see you #motivation #success #motivationalquotes #boosteri love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.i feel so happy for no <bleep>ing reason.i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feelj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i syou're really funny and i feel like i annoy youlmao alright bbg i feel younever know what i want til i arrive at it never know what i feel til i would die for iti know i have a heart because i feel it breaking. - wizard of ozhay sht i feel u :(i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.i feel so much better now that everything's coming togetheri feel like i should be wearing more sensible shoes tot he dinner now in order to keep up :-)i feel like people will be confused about my biases when they see my profile, bc i can't just keep it one person 24/7 i likei feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas*fumbles his keys to the tardis door* i love your compliments. they're so backhanded that i feel like a spaceball.hmmmm, okay then. i feel better now. i guess this means i stand a chance then #damnkendrickbattlemate they're amazing breakfast biscuits so i feel like any excuse to eat more, ya feel meeven rj died in dear nicomaine, i feel that the story still has a happy ending. it is peculiarly beautiful, indeed.first thing i noticed after i became rendy's wife: i feel safe. i feel secured knowing someone will protect me with his whole lifeto all the kids dealing with anxiety, i feel you - keep living out your dreams #mentalhealthawarenessweekevery time i see the hi welcome to chilis vine i feel a single drop of sweat go down my forehead#ifthiswereadayoff i'd feel energized and rejuvenated ... now i feel like an old sack of dried leaves..i feel so far away i vote for top social artist #btsbbmasi feel like the only person that doesn't know what they want to do with their lifei'm in tokyo rn, but i feel so tired n stressed n bored. but drug is awesome. #signali feel you though my little dude.i feel like a great battle has been won every time i let someone go through the door 1st after they tried to let me go thsometimes i feel very disconnected from the worldi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel like such a nasty women this morning.9th and 11th may,it'sthesemi-finals of #esc2017 i feel nervous for you, good luck ! (...and go to the final!)i feel like i haven't seen my friends in weeks.haven't cried yet but i feel it comingalso, damnit ! now i always have to think of you when i feel the urge to go for a wee xdtoo minds as to exercise, i feel so 'done in.' how do u feel pls? hope i can c u b4 pick upi feel like an avocado todaycoz skin on skin, i feel nothing but the burning of desire~~~i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we oni feel like the parisian really think about everything before they say it and only say things that are worth saying whereas americanssometimes i feel like i might be starring/rting too much and you'll think i'm creepy. then i remember i'm a trucker and iare suppose to tip the delivery guy? i feel so bad for not giving him a tip...
maybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i care
moment of separation...babies being taken away from their mothers for good...a scum can be heard laughing..i feel like
yo i feel this so hard. it's so frustrating to be transmasc and fem
i feel sad but vindicated . i said from day one that phaedra was a snake. glad to hear she's been fired from #rhoa.
i'm so tired i feel dead inside
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
my teacher rolled his eyes at my class so many times today i feel you buddy
i feel so blessed that oliver and felicity are played by and - they are the reason i <bleep> ship
dark souls. i feel like i would commit suicide if i played that for too long.
right now i feel like some pizza...
not easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #mot
i feel vvv drained, it's probably what i get for staying up all weekend whoops
i see you, i feel you guiding me, don't give up on me girl~~i love you. stay with me~~stay with me~ vires et honestas~agape me
almost twisted my ankle getting into the uber from woodside. i feel like karma is getting me for something but idk what
there are times where i start to miss being with somebody, but then i feel a relief that i'm alone.
nobody ever knows how i feel, not that i won't tell it, it's just that nobody ever asks
i feel so happy for no <bleep>ing reason when i see you
i feel like sweet namjoon was going to wrote some letter to me from deepest of his heart huh im in tears').rt if you lo
i only burned 500 calories the gym while the tiny asian woman whos always the gym 2am like me stays burning 700+. i feel like loser
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like 6 was the last of the wild <bleep>
cutting me up like a knife and i feel it deep in my bones.
do you go to do a lot of school work i feel you what you going to do tommorow
i hate napping on my breaks bc i feel like <bleep> when i wake up
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
thank you so much for all your support i feel like i have a massive point to prove with my voice. so hope my solos are
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
the concert just happened lastnight but i feel like its already a week i miss them already. if you miss them too #btsbbmas
i feel like im going to die when hyung is sad when hyung is in pain it hurts more than when im in pain voted at #btsbbmas
"this huge feeling of gratitude i feel i cannot explain through words"
i feel bad
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel like i haven't been to sleep in forever
i feel like nature is punishing russia for the the god awful <bleep>show for the victory day, how hypocritic it is here lol. i want warmth
i'm standing in front of you, hoping that you'll not notice how vulnerable i feel right now.
i feel broke
i really hope so! i feel something is happening!!
i feel bad for laughing
it's sad because the vibe label kids are good people like taedong is there i feel so bad
i vote for for the #bbmas top social artist award of the year #btsbbmas i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work a
i'm based in the uk and it says coming soon, but really want to put the camera up outside. i feel i shouldn't have preordered :(
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i feel like all my friends r dead could mean like 5 different things
who wanna fight? cause i feel like knocking a <bleep> out
i feel for women who think they're morally superior for being complicit towards a system that wouldn't spit on them if t
im sorry my tweets can be very disturbing and annoying to some but its my diary and i write what i feel
it's not often that i split videos, but in this instance i feel it'd be a long thing indeed if i don't.
i feel how i feel, i won't fight it
i hope i can cope with this year. i feel like my body is giving up lmao.
gaaaaahhhhhdddd. what is this feeling?! i feel like throwing up
i feel sorry for people who don't drink. when they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day. -frank sinatra
i feel and look so ugly without my lashes, i look like i just ran away from hospital or something aaaai#lashaddict ht
i feel like <bleep>.so much............. i feel like my entire personality is made for consumption by white people tho lmaoi feel like i've win the lotto.i feel youi feel like i can never actually do homework until it's late at nighti'm so in love with harry, i feel like my heart is going to burst.i will never apologize for saying what i feel lol never ever.really? you look forward to it? because i feel like your hands are going to look so small compared to his.with you i feel calm.i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection.never thought that keing will watch my perfomance. i feel blessed. thank you for watch it keing /mess your hair/that's sad cause i know ima have a bad day and every time i feel like this i get suspended.this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.i vote for #btsbbmas i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back homei feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.2 long sleeps in a day i feel so relaxedi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.but i feel like that's gonna change ...i vote top social artist #justinbbmasnice little drain before bed. i feel happy now.i feel like it's just wrong to not go to magic kingdom on the first day of the trip!i feel amazing whoo no sleep for cele shes alive and awake ans ready to faili feel so bad for people who don't get along with their siblings. they'll never know the definition of a best friend.excited to hear your thoughts! luke has great tips, but i feel they work mostly for pro players. i'm a jobber myself.i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feelchong jojun balsa #btsbbmas i didn't attend the #wingstourinmanila but why do i feel hoseoked? jung hoseok u better stay away from mei feel so defeated today first time in a while doeshouldn't surprise you that i feel like the luckiest man alive each time you call me your husband.a few boys just passed me, and one of them was saying that guys sounded f****** amazing though, i feel proud #bapinbudapei feel that feel so hard whenever i proofread myself. i'm glad it's not just me.i feel bad for the people that didn't want to stick around for my evolution. my future is so bright.why do i feel so nauseousi feel so uninspired today... maybe i'll skip a few days of mermay and recharge my energydo kyungsoo, "i feel honored to be able to work with kang hyungchul director." the filming is planned to be started in septi feel my macron 1 joke was too obscure in an 80s anime sort of way. i despair for the world.i feel it in my soul that 2019 the year 4 mei feel like im being dumbi hate how instagram isn't in chronological order anymore. i feel like i miss everythingi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happenone time i broke a wine glass while having a conversation about president <bleep>fuck and that's all you need to know about how i feelthey're going to rake through his social media school records peer interaction etc. i feel terrible for his parentshey rex! i just got back from a very short hiatus and i feel the hype of making new friends, will you be one of them? :)i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi feel as though i'm too passionate in relationships to date anyone my agei feel like all concept evaluation songs don't fit well to baejini feel like lil wayne knows something that nobody else does and we need to start building our defenses as soon as possibledoesn't even phase me when i see people crying in the library anymore, i feel u girl i feel ui feel you atei feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel how i feel, i won't fight itthe weekend - i feel it comingi feel the love,pfee. the lovethe most common reasons i mute ppl is bc we're mutuals and i feel like i annoy them by talking to them too much/they dont like me, and bci feel so nice mom i feel so nice #btsbbmasi feel for ya man
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i feel sorry for fans of every team in the second round. cause two teams in each coast are waiting already smh. nba s
i vote #btsbbmas hugging namjoon would be great because i feel like he'd give those hugs where your face gets squis
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i can't even explain how i feel anymore, my thoughts are so messed up in my head that i don't even understand them.
'cause sometimes when it's dark or it's really bad weather i feel like i might just feel down forever
i feel so bad bc i still want to love and support soyul but ,,,,
i feel like i'm losing my focus, i feel
i feel the distance.
i vote for #btsbbmas i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back home
could you tweet me a link to the story on this. i feel like i don't know the whole picture here #privateschoolprizes
yes, i feel the same: robbed, violated, and sentenced to live with the perp.
i'm having one of those colin moss days. i look good but i feel irrelevant.
i need to get back to exercising. i feel more focused and energized when i workout. what activity do you want to get back to doing?
i feel sick after that game
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
i get jealous because sometimes i feel i'm not good enough for you, and might lose you to someone better.
i might if i feel like it
i'm about to be on live tv for the first time. i feel sick lol
can y'all just imagine how fights at got7's dorm is or used to be like? i feel like the one always ready to fight over s
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied by
i feel old person.
you know the truth of my past? then tell me, who am i?! why am i here?! and why do i feel so very comfortable in leather?!
just wanna be home w my pup. i feel bad leaving him
: i'm blem for real, i might just tell you how i feel.
i don't know why but, i feel so bad today..
betty: sometimes i wonder if u love me or like me. archie: i love u, betty. you're perfect, im not good enough for u.
i'd still choose twitter over facebook. i feel safer and unrestricted here.
sometimes i feel like the luckiest girl in the world. i love you
when i allow something to disturb me when it truly shouldn't i feel internally defeated. my mind could be concerned w/
suddenly we get a bunch of bangtan bombs i feel blessed i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social
i woke up with a headache and i feel nauseous
summer kind of stresses me out because i feel like i have to be doing something fun at all hours or else im wasting summ
i feel the same thing
i feel like making a yoonjin thread bc i'm trash and i just love them so much idk
me: "i want harry to follow me" harry: "i want harry to follow me, shut yo <bleep> <bleep> up ill follow you when i feel like it"
honestly i feel that
idk how i feel about that
i've been on a low, i've been taking my time. i feel like i'm out of my mind, it feel like my life ain't mine.
i feel like i've been waiting for 50 yrs
just been on your 10am tour. absolutely fabulous. john was an amazing guide. i feel i know derry better now. #lovederry
congratulations to the victor but i feel world football is set to miss out by not having passion and knowle
*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loser
i feel summer
i feel like lil wayne knows something that nobody else does and we need to start building our defenses as soon as possible
why do i feel like i need to rub this post on some people's faces?
now i feel like a tender piece of chicken schnitzel.
i feel so old everytime they call me <bleep>a
'mare goes to middle school in the fall i feel old as hell
i feel how i feel, i won't fight it
i feel you bro
i feel like i haven't posted in forever! maybe some motivation? 100 's and 50 retweets on this and i'll smother you
do kyungsoo, "i feel honored to be able to work with kang hyungchul director." the filming is planned to be started in sept
i feel like making little goodie bags to giveaway for sg shawols during mubank ;;
it will be inspired by sleeping warrior i feel like that's less complicated to pitch
i feel bothered by people taking my stuff without asking and then keeping them.
why do i feel like this is the monday after spring breaklol oh well. guess i'll see what happens. i feel like things will work out if i stay motivatedseungri is in malaysia now?! he was literally just in singapore. istg i feel as tho he can blink and just teleport to randmany of you will know how i feel about #mentalhealthawarenessweek and why... end the stigma guys. i'm here for anybody whoman i feel so nauseous all the timei feel for you that a big loss, i'll send you somewhy do i feel like may is gnna be the month of the yeari vote #btsbbmas hugging namjoon would be great because i feel like he'd give those hugs where your face gets squisi feel inspired so im going to draw some stuffi feel like i already used my entire finals energy on the first one and i can't function for the rest of emgod i feel gross because of thisi can't even explain how i feel anymore, my thoughts are so messed up in my head that i don't even understand them."sometimes i feel lonely... since i'll say "i came back" alone when entering the dorm i hope theres someone who will answer mi feel like <bleep>, i dont even wnt to go home loli feel like punching ppl's faces omg dont annoy mewhen i feel empty, liquor satisfies.i vote for #btsbbmas i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back homei'm so upset and angry i feel bterayed i'm going to cry how coudl crhis do this to mei eat pasta recently and i got a lot on my plate, i feel like my tummy is going to explode-my mom is an alcoholic, she has been sober for almost 2 months (longest in years) and i feel like if she can do that i can tryafter seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks willthinking about my #bahoochie sales. they're doing pretty good in retail but i feel i have exhausted my own online selling potential.i feel like my mum is trying to make me conform to a boyi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about1) it was 2-0 2) i feel sorry for you, if your 'bigger fish to fry' is a second-rate european competition.i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.no matter what color smile....yours will always brighten my day! ty so much for your kindness, i feel verythis book killed me. so good. and it also caught me up enough on jonestown that i feel like i can skip the new history.as a <bleep>an i feel like my melee isnt worth using in most parts of the game so i stick to int/disi don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli wonder if justin still posts stories on his snapchat i feel tortured just thinking about itcan't wait to loose about a good 80 or a 100 pounds i feel like i will be goodi feel like ..a body count is a social standard emphasized and enforced by a generation who doesn't even know whai feel very tired... i had 4 hours sleepword. i feel you there6 hours of sleep in the past 2 nights i feel bad for anyone that crosses paths with me at rockwood highi think i need to take a sick day tomorrow... i feel perfectly healthy, but i'm absolutely sick of working.omg i love benedict <bleep>berbatch. i feel better now. lol.it don't be getting my lips good enough like i feel like the <bleep> just sits on thereugh i feel worsei'm in a class where i learn how to teach pre-schoolers and today is my day to teach them something and i'm so nervous i feel like cryingof course i have feelings you <bleep>holes! i feel things all the time. . . . . . . like your dad.i bet. i feel like i need a hazmat suit when i go out.took me this long to say how i feel but i don't regret it coz i'm too sick of ur ostentatious <bleep>i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi have such a sick taste in bollywood music and when someone cusses it istg i feel like stabbing then in the armi feel like the defenders trailer looks kinda promising though?i feel like <bleep> and look like iti feel like shutting people out sometimes.i feel like i should thank you for bringing the seus shaderpack to my attention (again). made me fall in love with mc again!i feel it coming i feel it coming back our land coming back babe, our land back people #colignyi feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armmy goal was mainly to refute that i can't be autistic because i feel empathy.i feel so watched idk how to move or what to doi can't help how i feel, i'm just keeping it reali feel like ed sheeran because my legs actually don't work like they used to beforei feel like lil wayne knows something that nobody else does and we need to start building our defenses as soon as possibleif i feel like you're blocking my blessings then im cutting you off.hahahah ...i feel extra dumb today ....omg why....karma ain't a <bleep> after all ....i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel my internal organs slowly shutting down as my gnarled rotten skin slides off in sheetsi feel like im going to die when hyung is sad when hyung is in pain it hurts more than when im in pain top social artwhat you see is just what i show. you cant feel what i feelwhen i feel like nobody appreciates me i just remember it's nobody's job to give a <bleep> about me and nobody can <bleep> wii feel so sicki look like i'm 22. i feel like i'm 44. actual age as of 5am: 27. i need a massagei feel like 3 months unshowered kristen stewarti feel weirded out when a girlfriend of my ex starts liking my photos.i feel more comfortable on my own
lol i feel another major personality switch coming on
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel bad cuz i haven't been watching aphmau lately, while everyone's talking about a new episode. i'm still on season 3, dang it.
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
i feel so helpless and emotionally broken and shaken that i don't even know how to react on the <bleep> that was served to us. #ktbm
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i feel like i'm always the one reaching out. always always always. i'm tired lol
fuckkkk i feel so sick
justin got very emotional every time he sing "life is worth living" i don't know if it's true but this is what i feel #
screw it i'll go to school. i feel a bit better.
i feel ya <bleep>
i feel so dead these days
this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.
i don't know why i feel so sad
i vote for #btsbbmas i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back home
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
why do i feel that everyone can read spanish for some reason
every time i listen to stoney i feel like it progressively gets better. it truest is a work of art.
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
i feel u honestly i havent explored moa much myself
can someone rabbit i feel like watching a movie with a big squad to ignore me and make me feel small
i feel so good! hopefully it will become a regular thing (keyword being hopefully )
omg i feel like a mom to mah puppies hihihi
i feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied by
i feel like the next 3 weeks are gonna be the longest weeks of my life tbh
i feel like someone taped "i'm a <bleep>ing joke" to my back and now everyone is like 'you know what? she's right'
#dafbama2017_exo i vote for #exo i feel sorry for girlsgeneration because they're my fave gi
i feel cute as <bleep>
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
i feel so weak suddenly
i don't message some people cause i feel like they probably roll their eyes when they see my name pop up
my parents are not selfish they just decide according to their mentality. i feel blessed when i look at the parents of my friends
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
same... i feel u po
eh i feel pretty bad for <bleep>ting on the poor but people like boogie almost deserve it
well i can't tell if i feel better about myself now or worse.
i feel so motivated to do all the things i've been planning to do now that i'm done moving
ya i'll dm. i feel a mild ramble coming on
i feel like californication could have gone on for 10 seasons had they not killed off lou ashby and not made a #tv writer.
i feel sad for your young heart. wanna hug you. sending virtual hugsss
i brought this prom dress from harriet shelley 4 years ago. i feel it belon
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel sick.
there's no point now but u know how i feel about you i literally tell u i'd die for you every single day
i feel like liberals haven't learned their lesson when they're declaring right-populism dead after the fn got their best
did i miss it? will you be doing more if i did, i feel like this would be a lot of fun!
haha good point. we are all in the same boat. i feel like you every day. #kassnersp17
explainlah bnyak mna cra mcm mna sklipon the truth nobody can feel wht i feel rght now
once i feel like i'm forcing you to talk to me i'm really gonna distance myself and if we don't speak so be it
they act like money can't buy happiness. when i'm sad and i get money, i feel happy
me: i feel so tired and run down, i need to eat healthily and sleep normal hours also me: chicken nuggets for dinner then finish essay
i feel vaguely like i should try to cram before it starts but eh
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
morning. i feel terrible.
*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loser
after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks will
one thing that worries me about not having a beard is im not sure theyll let me be an ancestor. i feel like thats a
i feel how i feel, i won't fight it
my heart is throbbing his face is so beautiful up close i feel personally attacked. hes so beautiful idk what to do h
i feel bad cause i keep laughing at the video of the girl being pushed but if i was her ya allah everyone including bts is get
do kyungsoo, "i feel honored to be able to work with kang hyungchul director." the filming is planned to be started in sept
i'm like 100% sure i have endometriosis and i feel like i'm dying right now, this is when i hate being a girl
i just put my puppy in the kennel so i could leave and the second i started walking out of the house he started crying and i feel awful
i basically live in my schools library so whenever it closes i feel homeless
yes, i feel the same: robbed, violated, and sentenced to live with the perp.
i feel like every girl can relate to "in my feelings" by kehlani//i feel a bit better than yesterday night but i still feel a bit crappy.once i feel different about u, ur done..i feel.. you know im not sure.i feel like today's going to be a postive day just by watching thomas sanders he's really greatthis weather change is about to mess me up yo, i feel iti feel safer in a room full of white nationalists, tattoos and all, than i do around a bunch of young dumb blacks.i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm1ooo + everyone i feel loved here. stay litmy spotify discover weekly playlist is so dark this week. i feel like it knows too much.update my fever hasn't gone down and i feel lightheadedi vote for #btsbbmas i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back homeguess i'll be napping at my desk this morning bc man i feel like i functionally got maybe 3 hours of sleepi feel the same way miss lady i feel like we all are in some form or fashionafter seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks willthere is no room for mistakes today. i feel actors are becoming much more vulnerable now - #mpbonfilmci feel weird saying cornrows grew up always saying cainrowand i feel the worst for #ramkapoor #sakshitanwar. these powerhouses deserve much better scripts and stories. #ktbmi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutjust had 2 exams get time out of class so now i'm studying. i feel so maturehow long does a public desire order take?i feel anxiousi feel like introverts struggle with attachment more than extroverts.i feel this 100000%i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli feel so bad for the word 'moist' everyone hates her when in reality she is a very useful adjective who needs to be appreciatme: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel betterthere are times when i feel like i <bleep>ed up my life while in kitchen cookingstill trying to understand how i feel about you.i feel so poorlyi'll cut you off or won't even fwy if i feel like i'll run circles around you in any situationnobody understands what i feeli feel the samei feel like sleeping for about 4 yearsmy eyes are tired from all the crying and yet i feel there's more. #ripolafi feel so bad for the mental illness that ekta kapoor suffers from. she needs to be admitted to a rehab asap. #ktbmi feel so uncomfortable bc i know i smell like bud, oopsi feel like i'm gushing a lot about but these guys legit stole my heart and soul and i love them dearly. hti feel like i haven't taken any pictures this weekend and i'm so mad at myselfsometimes i feel like i should fast more, i needa sit back and relax more.@sturgillsimpson so forgive me if sometimes i seem a little crazy but <bleep>, sometimes crazy is how i feelatm? not so bad, kinda sunny but super windy. i feel cold all the time anyway, even when i lived in malta hahahai feel like carefree black men are the <bleep>s who ride around with the music all the way up early as <bleep> in the mornilisten up feel my vibe + wolo and 1:31am stages in hd, are on " got7 fly concert in seoul dvd ". i feel like crying hsometimes i feel like a burden...some days i feel like a savage, other days i just want youi feel like everyone that grew up in miami went through a molly phase lmfaooooi feel so uncomfortable with the thought that people are deadass taking secret videos and pics wherever they go smh htokay, i need a moment to know how i feel abouti feel like i should be rich and famous. i ain't no regular <bleep> and this regular lifestyle ain't fa me.no thank you mistress. i feel much better today!funny... i feel much the same about mark latham today as i did yesterday. hope the future holds for him everything he deserves. #auspoli need to tell you everyday how i feel about you because one day i might not be able to. - anonymous.i feel like deathlol. there. i feel better.nasagot ba kung bakit #dtbyakoyan? i feel stupid but i still don't know why.i feel zero sympathy for people that let drugs and alcohol take over their lives <bleep> don't act like it's somebody ei feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing mei feel like i've been reborn lmaoi'm so hungry i feel it in my throati'm meeting aoife and nothing excites me more, i feel like i've known her forever !i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loseri feel we have so much in common
i feel so bad rn
if u dont wanna have a streak, better tell me cause i feel like an idiot sending u snaps/spammingg u
honestly i'll miss emma swan so much but she hasn't been emma in so long and right now all i feel is relief
i feel like a proud mother
i feel as though i have been initiated into some universal covenant of transparent reality and cosmic understanding
i feel for you. full disclosure. i rather stick my head in a dryer with bricks.
i feel like real queens know how to keep the game in check.
after 8 hours of studying in the library i feel like i still don't know anything
jones' motto: friends may come -- i feel as if i have thought it right upon this pitiful episode
i feel worthless.
words are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you kisses jollichocomallowpie
i vote for #btsbbmas i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back home
"i feel it coming" #np on #urban96fm l #sunnysideup | 96.5 dial, lagos.
good morning i feel sick
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
well i only had kids cos everyone was having them. i feel cheated.
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
i feel like girls forget they should always be treated like a queen, after 4 months or 4 years nothing should change
girl, you are so gorgeous, why is that even a problem? i feel slayed everytime i see you walk by me
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like you've hit on an awesome set of billboard ideas.
i feel you..
i feel refreshed and revived
i can't get over how amazing my meditation session with myself felt last night... i feel like a better person
i feel bad for ssoram
finally understands how ntebaleng kumalo feels about cassper nyovest, i feel it too, but for #smitten #mce
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
i ate a whole bag of doritos sweet chili last nite and i feel bad
i hate texting people first i feel awkward, annoying and unwanted.
i can't help but to b naturally blunt, u will kno how i feel, ion hold my tongue for nobody when things need to b said
i feel how i feel, i won't fight it
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
i want to go to church but i feel like i'll go up in flames lol #horriblepersontryingtochangehisways
i feel ya man das my life summed up
i think changing avi occasionally is good, but i feel like the current new one feels a bit... generic?
i feel like it's too late for me now
but i feel the prof was being a little extra to complain to one of their students like that.
i feel like somebody just drain all my energy, motivation and focus from me
shits so crazy you don't even how i feel
i feel deeply conned that my dad started taking me to blackburn games in the mid-90s
i've done nothing in lessons for 2 years and barely started revising but on the bright side i feel so calm
jeez. i feel like i haven't aged well
nobody understands what i feel
i feel like people only praise the lord on sunday and that's not okay because he deserves our praise everyday
and vegetable soups. spirit animal right there. i feel like something is wrong.
i feel like a bloody stalker but i need to tell the world that le crush took a nap, woke up and slept again. my heart
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel like slimeblocks shouldn't drag the new concrete blocks. that way we could have pretty immovable objects. plz
there are no words. the sadness i feel for my country...
also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!
when he smiled my god i feel so blessed i love him so much
...i feel incomplete,so if u want the truth,i just want to be part of ur symphonies
i feel like shutting people out sometimes.
i feel so bad for isaiah. ainge needs to get him some help
empty from all you took from me your #impulses fed left alive but still i feel dead #tastypoem
i feel like both couples switch. i really do.
i will say what i think and how i feel as afforded to me by the bill of rights, your fe
when i'm sad, i feel that every heartbroken song was written just for me. #womanpower
i feel like such an adult today bc i have an interview 10am for fieldwork i drank a fruit smoothie for breakfast
i feel for as my goldfish ran up a 500 bill on - nightmare.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
i feel disrespected
sometimes i feel like when i need someone, nobody cares.
macron is coming ... marine is crying #presidentielles2017. the weekend - i feel it coming
"everytime i look at him i feel this kind of peace inside me, like as if nothing is wrong with this horrible world." #i
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i get jealous because sometimes i feel i'm not good enough for you, and might lose you to someone better.
i feel bad cause i keep laughing at the video of the girl being pushed but if i was her ya allah everyone including bts is get
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i feel blessed to live in scotland
i feel terrible today and don't want to leave my room. i'm in so much pain.
i play my ukulele with my thumb because its easier for me? i feel weird
i feel like i can always rely on you to go to these concerts please let's goi feel like i got no sleepgenius lab i feel like im going to die when mom is sad i am voting for for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmasoh cool. i feel like we could be great friends then, but i am biased because i love ryan way more than dallonamstrad has many games that shaped history of video games, so i feel it would be nice to have them sold digitally.the uni wifi is down and my portable wifi is having problems i feel deadwell i feel horrendous todayalex sandro: i feel very fortunate to be working every day in such a great environment.i vote for the #btsbbmas top social artist award ughhh i feel like my head is gonna burstcause i feel i'm always dreaming donkiss thenextbigthingi feel like i dont connect with anyone anymorei feel youi feel like a part of growing up is realizing that the heroes are actually horrible peoplei want to post a pic but i feel like shld do it tmrlilac wine i feel unsteady, like my lovei feel bad for you :(do all girls like being choked or just the ones on twitter? i feel like if you try that on a girl who don't use twitteri feel abouty'all i really don't wanna go to school bc i feel so sick i wanna throw up but next week is finals weekcoming to school looking like a zombie for the next 2 weeks bc that's how i feel (:i might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.this train is crowded and i feel like cryingi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like the timeline rn is 80% "whats a rigger"i feel like its christmas. condoleeza rice will be on hannity and governor gregg of texas has put citizens first in his state! go usai love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.but i can work with that, i feel the pun queen risingi feel like introverts struggle with attachment more than extroverts.i feel like they purposely left that out cause it would turn so many people awayit's only monday and i feel dedhngggggggi feel like i'm gonna have a breakdown one of these days.i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we oni feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. turn upthe mv is calming i love it i feel like i could meditate and do yoga while watching iti feel like i have 'keep walking over me bc ill never leave you' tattooed on my forehead in times new roman-bold, 72 point fontsigh i feel so uselessi feel like this emoji means "oh well" so that's how i use it it's my favorite lmao idk what it means to anybodyi feel like no matter what i do, someone is gonna be pissed off.i look back and i see my dumb naive self in early 2016 and just feel like crying but today is 2017 and i love my life and i feel great!i still don't know how i feel about logic lol, at least i know he's good but at the same time idki feel like beans on toast is always coldi feel so lonely.i feel dumbi feel extremely dehydratedlol i slept for like a week now i feel like i haven't slept for a week after being awake for 24hrs. #sleepisfortheweaki feel like not talking to anyone at alli feel like waking up at 3/4 to "study" but meh not sure if i canwrong song to play on a monday "i feel it coming the weekend" we are 5 days awayi feel a great disturbance in the force. as if 24 million voices suddenly cried out as they lost healthcare insuranceand i feel so bad about iti don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somethini feel like a zombie when i wake upi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. turn uptoday is a <bleep>,very good. i feel like <bleep>i feel like captain obvious here but there's so many nice interesting people at /i feel for women who think they're morally superior for being complicit towards a system that wouldn't spit on them if twhat's <bleep>ed it is that i feel so lonely despite having a best friend and boyfriendi feel like eating briyani with fried mutton right now...aadyn filled every piece of me. now i feel every part of himto the girl drinking vodka in the library i mean i feel you but are you ok?i feel like a lot of ppl don't talk about monsta x's blue moon. that was legit my fav song off their 1st mini album.i feel like i set alarms to purposely snooze through them.....alien is horror aliens is more action based both classics for me it's aliens i feel the same about terminator 1&amp;2with u i feel safei feel like nothing. no self confidence, no motivation, nothing. i just feel like i am here taking up space all the time.
i just saw the video i feel like so relaxed
i feel no grief in leaving ... i feel no joy. i'll heap the bones of this experience on top of the past.
diamonds sit high boi i feel like rocky!!
with you i feel safe.
"i hope i do though i feel like i am going to make one of my sisters go nuts"
exhausted is an understatement of how i feel right now
cause i feel i'm always dreaming donkiss thenextbigthing
i feel disgusting i really think i got the flu i'm bout to go home
i feel you phia.
i feel you the drive is annoying. it always gets me sleepy too
i vote for #btsbbmas i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back home
i feel sick but im still going to school sad
im too shy to tell you how i feel, and i'm afraid if i ask you "what do you think of me?" your reply will be "i dont."
sometimes i feel like im forcing myself to be happy its too hard when im not
i feel so self conscious today ffs why is it a rule to not wear makeup at work why why why
wow i feel like a whole new person after that video i'm so emotional holy <bleep>
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like i see 10 boomerangs a day of people clinking their glasses together.
why did i even come to school today i feel like death
i feel like i'm sleeping my life away
no lol i feel bad but not really
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
didn't think my exhaustion would get worse. i was only out for 4 hours. why do i feel like this?
i feel your pain. #crunching@saltwell
i feel how i feel, i won't fight it
because aliens? i feel like people would still be racist gimme a reason bioware
roll me up some dope i feel like myself again
#askmuralidharrao murali ji i feel south india was never considered by bjp, why now this sudden shift in strategy
aaaaaaa thanku!!! i feel so good!!!!!
i feel like i'm gonna be more stressed than relaxed with that amount of bubble wrap
i feel like i've neglected me putting others first. it don't help helping others if you haven't helped yourself yet tho.
i feel prepared for this test, so according to past experience, i'll probably fail
- is it... still you? - i'm not sure. but i feel like it's me. i hope, that's enough.
me: "i want harry to follow me" harry: "i want harry to follow me, shut yo <bleep> <bleep> up ill follow you when i feel like it"
i need to understand that there's nothing wrong with saying how i feel, it matters
i feel like i already graduated and i'm just showing up to school for no reason
i feel like if i had a puppy my life would be a lot better
i feel replaced when i saw her on my own place
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
ok i feel terrible after crossfading also i found out its not a good idea to mix alcohol
i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somethin
most annoying question: where do you go to school? i feel like it's expected of me to be in college like, i just got outta hell hold on
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i can't explain, ... i can't explain the way i feel you are the rhythm of my heart #dtbyscandal
twitter is like ketamine i get stuck and i can feel my organs melting but i won't stop 'cause i think i feel good
laurent has freckles that come out when he is in the sun for too long and i feel like we cant ignore this non-confirmed fact
i feel like jackie pegs doug
its buried deep inside me but i feel theres something you should know #justinbbmas
haist why do i feel uncomfortable w/ people i'm getting anxious especially on camp
i just want 70+ degree weather. i feel like in may, that's not too much to ask for...
i feel like i'm about to be super emotional this week
i feel weird buying baby powder hahahahha
i feel like a zombie today.
i feel the chemicals burning in my bloodstream so tell me when it kicks in #btsbbmas genius lab
literally i feel the same way about you!! always!!
i feel like a pisces / aries sun cancer / gem moon sag / cap rising. it resonates both ways at the same time.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
ok j'ai fini sense8 i feel so emptyi feel bad for anyone who has to work on monday morningsi feel guilty everytime you say you miss me.i disagree but i feel you i guessi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti rlly want to see everyone nd all but <bleep> me im tired and sad i miss bts wtf i feel so <bleep>i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armtbh i feel like a zombie. #igcse'steacher: "why are you late?" me: " i've been up all night , no sleep cause i feel like i'm always dreamin" teacher: the vamps: matoma:margot getting a tattoo, this is before she started doing them, i feel every tattoo she does is to make up for the paintbh right now i feel like i was beaten up from head to toe bcos of yesterday concert. it was hella crazy from falling ithanks for answering my question guys. i feel almost famous.when i feel empty, liquor satisfies.i can't hear myself breathing because my ears are blocked. and it's annoying because i feel like i'm breathing so loudi feel you rn boi. i wanna hug you i miss youi don't think she believes in mystical connection but she's wrapped around me like ribbon so close i feel her heart beating ame trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks willi feel like i don't deserve thisi feel like i overstayed my welcome on earthi feel like <bleep>i feel like riding a roller coaster right about now!i hate texting people first i feel awkward, annoying and unwanted. monanatiling marvoreei feel so sorry for dawn, she's so lovely,all the main characters that the show was centered on: emma, snow, charming are leaving. so i feel like they should end iti feel like we get irritated with each other everydayi feel like i don't fit anywhere but here omg you guys are a family to mei feel so heavyj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i somg i want to cry. alexander, logan and nathan of masterchef junior are not kids anymore huhu i feel so old :(my boy described his girl to me saying "she's the proof god still loves me". i can't wait till i feel like thisi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we onfjdjsj i feel bad watching the girls lives and commenting in english to them bc im the only one doing that and its awkwardwhat's the perfect gift to say i'm sorry i ever met you? is it a restraining order?? i feel like it's a restrainingi sure hope so!! i feel so old hahahacan y'all just imagine how fights at got7's dorm is or used to be like? i feel like the one always ready to fight over sthe <bleep>le of that video knows me almost too well. i feel attacked.i feel bad for the people who work for billboard cause they have to count the votes i vote for for top social artisi feel bad for slaves that worship a master for a long time and have no connection at all. that isn't what #findom is absame i feel so badis it because i ate too much or i did not eat at all? anyhow i feel dizzy...i feel betrayedno matter what i do, i feel the pain.its rly cool i feel v warm n happy about ithonestly i'll miss emma swan so much but she hasn't been emma in so long and right now all i feel is reliefi feel like my weekend went by entirely too fast. like, it was just saturday... and all of a sudden, i'm back in the office.i feel a blessing coming my wayi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happenwent walking around guatin canyon. i feel my chest flutter from the altitude.i feel you, something i never will be.i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel it, duncans gonna be born todayi feel u he's so good he's talented and he's good looking too i don't know why they didn't appreciate him :((i feel how i feel, i won't fight itokay, i've been crying all day while hugging my jk pillow. i am 'that' depressed. i even lost my appetite 'cause i feel full.when i feel confined, the wind here blows through mepansin ko after maging <bleep> ni k dami na write ups about donny... omg i feel it coming tlaga!!!! donkiss thenextbigthiand i feel like i need to go back to that person i wasive been up all night on and off checking on my little birdy and i feel like he is my child.she once asked me why i write so much. i replied, "because i feel too much."being authentic, i must say i <bleep>ed up those exams... and i feel fantastic cause it's over.i feel like i haven't posted in forever! maybe some motivation? 100 's and 50 retweets on this and i'll smother youi feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist
i feel so happy when i see guys being polite to their girls because so many don't these days!
i feel like a proud gf i'm constantly praying for more opportunities for him and i'm so glad he's out here being blessed with more roles
each time i think of how stupid and hurt i have been this year, i feel that sharp pain in my chest and suppress it with a fake smile.
i feel you
the more independent i am the better i feel
i feel free #shawnbbmas
it feels good to have a day off... i feel like i woke up and came back to reality.uch needed #melloluv #mellogang #ilyb
i cant continue to watch the show. i feel actually sorry for adam and eddy bc this was probably beyond them. but emma journey
why lie about the way i feel about my baby
i feel good baby i feel great
yea it sux but what can u do. i feel bad when i subject other people to it tho lmfao
genuinely don't know how i feel about that chemistry exam
i feel a big blessing coming
after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks will
i feel so out the loop from everything. sometimes i have these moments where i feel like i'm on the outside looking in. do
i vote for #btsbbmas i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back home
nobody understands what i feel
i feel so bad for isaiah. ainge needs to get him some help
i feel like crap and guess what? i look like it
i hate graduating. it's harder than i expected and i feel dumb 24/7
i feel like getting clear skin is just a dream thats too far to reach
praisintheasian is back i feel like posting selfies but hm
cuz' skin to skin i feel nothing but the burning of desire and it's just foreplayyyy
i feel so grown up now i like gin
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
im fine = i wish you knew how i feel inside
e sub mission for a dissertation is so hard adding all the appendices into word lol i feel like am in year 8 tryna make a poster
i feel crazy
.@asn585 my hearts been racing, the
i feel like a creep cause i wanna see them i have a birthmark fascination
i feel like paper 1 easier than paper 2 wor ahahahha
nobody understands how guilt i feel for being selfish, especially towards my loved ones. i walk around with that guilt every day.
atlest you know how i feel
well, i'd show you some of my code but it's all proprietary. ;) i feel like i do pretty well w oop, ioc, di, solid principles, etc.
my dad gave me his earpiece after seeing me use a $12 one. dad noo i feel bad
i feel like i'm confident but very insecure at the same time lol.. don't know how it works but it just does.
i feel like this is a might be a regional thing, because anytime i'm in baltimore, the targets i go to are well stocked/kept
i feel you.. it's because donghyuck dancing to it in nimdle
i feel like <bleep> bro i don't wanna drink nomo
any time i find myself walking down a hill i feel like running down it but then i realize i'm an adult and people woul
now i feel like a bratwurst..
i feel bad
you're just something rare to find, and i feel so lucky. i'm so proud of you and i love you truly so much
i'm so tired and i feel like <bleep> and i wanna go home
no funny <bleep> it's really ova for <bleep>s. every time i level up i feel closer to achieving the vision.
me: "i want harry to follow me" harry: "i want harry to follow me, shut yo <bleep> <bleep> up ill follow you when i feel like it"
i feel ya sista, true life goals
i feel you. i'll watch knowing what's coming, at least. :/ will try to overdose on kittens before bed.
lol my brother is so sweet. he reminds me to not buy any online product especially beauty product, i feel loved.
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i feel so much better today, chase the bad things awaaaaaay
i feel like my grandfather dragged his dusty nutsack across my entire existence right now at 5:40 am
i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somethin
i feel like a crazy person #whyismybrainfeelinglikethis
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
think how i feel, got into masters for the first time on saturday, sunday and two games later i'm a diamond scrubnugget
i feel bad for thinking that hannah baker is a <bleep> before hearing her tapes. trust me, i've been there. what a novel.
i feel relieve when i understood and solved problems from ots.
i feel sick
y i feel so unloved after all?
i can't control my smile now i've my hand on my face trying to hide that my face is turning red because how awkward i feel
my fave bts lyrics is not today. when i depressed, i listen it. i feel better after that. ^^ that's why i vote
if i feel single imma act single
couldn't sleep last night and now i feel like absolute <bleep>. staying home for sure.
wow i feel so attacked smhh
i feel detached from my emotions. a lil empty and way too manipulative. who am i right nowi feel youi feel attacked she always a "savage" until u make her bust a couple times. then she think y'all go togi feel old, what does this mean?"@eraseanxiety: i say sorry a lot because i secretly feel that everything is my fault."i feel that also :(i feel inclined to reply. hopefully i'll get around to it sooner rather than later.lol in line right now, i feel thisi feel lots of very good emotional and mental effects from exercising, but physically, i feel more tired."i feel excited when you come off the ferry on to the magical island, but the worst part is leaving to come home again"i feel like im that type of person who'd be down to get random tattoos all the time but i dont know what to get first and iman, whenever i see a film-like photo on ig, i feel like i want to delete my whole gallery confidence where you at?i feel like <bleep> when you ignore me.i love intereacting with other armys, i feel welcomed i vote for for the #bbmas top social artist awards #btsbbmashe is literally the most precious thing that has ever walked this earth i feel slightly better now after seeing these pici can't sugarcoat the answer for you. this is how i feel.i vote for #btsbbmas i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back homeim too shy to tell you how i feel, and i'm afraid if i ask you "what do you think of me?" your reply will be "i dont."i feel good baby i feel greatsometimes i feel like too many thoughts get trapped in my head and i just have to let someone else listen to them so i di feel like we're gonna need a support groupi really can't wait to hear from the dining table, i feel like this song is gonna be my favourite from the albumi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouteverytime young forever is playing on my playlist i tend to skip it asap i feel emoi went with it tho cuz i feel like i'm too light for yellow nails.i feel like money i look like so what it look like honey #thesmokeiscleari feel like twitter is making a lot of black women bitter spiteful... not actual experiencesi get the control aspect. i feel the same way. my issue is complaining when there is a logical way to prevent such issue.i feel like i've matured so much mentally.i feel stupid and contagiousi feel like since we are the only ones in our shared circle of fam friends, chances are good that we are both fruit bats.like i said, never a big jsr fan, but as an ape escape fan, i feel you at least your xbox exclusive got localizedj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i swhen i feel weakest i fall on my knees. when i feel the strongest i fall on my knees. you're always there lord.i just discovered that 'hmu' means 'hit me up'!!! guys, i'm officially hip. i feel alive.sometimes i feel like my data in school is preparing me for how slow the internet is back homei feel the love! thank you to family and friends for all of your posts on my birthday. i feel connected, related, and blessed.i am not moved by what i see. i am not moved by what i feel. i am moved only by what i believe. #smithwigglesworthi feel bad for homeless people.suwawa scandal? i feel i've heard it... my gut is going to an old akb scandal.i feel emma swan was an anchor for the show, part of the base. will there be a show without her?i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli felt alive by hurting myself, i feel myself.i feel the most broken on a sunday, when i am reminded that another week begins without ui feel like shiiiiiiti feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas" i feel like my shot gone go in eventually, you can't miss everything "this little girl came to my meet and greet and asked me what my name was i feel humbled and kind of star struck by her ??i feel so sickugh i hate this sm my throat is on fire i'm sweating but i'm freezing i'm starving but i feel like pukinglistening to cypher i feel like bowing down to holy trinity wherever i am ! kings #btsbbmas respect !i feel your pain man, that's a horrible thing to have to do, hang in there, it'll be alrighti feel i should insult this <bleep>hat, but have no idea who he is. he's got the blue check--does anyone know iffinally did something insanely hard and it was honestly worth it. i feel so free."i feel like i'm out of my mind. it feel like my life ain't mine."i feel bad for soft blocking mutuals but i gotta do what i gotta doat what age are you supposed to start being mature? i feel like i'm getting close.i feel you.on the one hand i feel sorry for him, on the other hand, this is the world he helped build.i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we onkonje y'all don't eat pies. lapho i feel like a dope <bleep> pie.i just really need to sleep bruh i feel so tiredno amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feelma3rf where ever i feel like being"talk to someone, i feel like that's the first step." conversations are key, great to see the benefits of art therapy ti feel how i feel, i won't fight iti feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing metthe cold med's officially kicking in... i feel terriblei feel like my purpose on this earth is to confuse the general publici feel so accomplished i'm done with this paperbut then i feel a little better knowing she'll have a sibling to fight with and keep her company.
i feel you
but i feel like that song is just so <bleep>ing me ?? i luv it
hey so like when are those fannie may chocolate bars gonna be on sale again?????? i feel a void in my heart w/o them
i feel like im that type of person who'd be down to get random tattoos all the time but i dont know what to get first and i
oh man, shares down another 8% today. i feel bad for those hoop pensioners.
im way too much for just one <bleep>, that's how i feel!
i feel so hopeless
he is literally the most precious thing that has ever walked this earth i feel slightly better now after seeing these pic
so sorry to hear that. :( thanks for the help tho, i feel fine now. :)
it's so bad i wouldn't wish this on anyone i feel like i got hit by a bus this morning
i feel ya nic
not sure how i feel about coach buying kate spade
everything is hitting me at once i'm not sure how i feel about this.
still trying to understand how i feel about you.
i deadass just cried while getting my shots taken and i feel like a lil puss
why is couscous so small i feel like it's been prechewed
i feel so dead inside, i just want to go home...
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
my arms are so numb. i feel like they're gonna fall off at any moment.
was losing hope doing my course but after the grading this morning i feel so happy and motivated. next goal is 85!
me dieron ramitas i feel blessed
i cannot listen to that's song, i feel like i get ptsd and i start feeling hot and sweaty and my feet start to hurt
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i feel like an avocado today
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
i legit got low self esteem to the point where i feel like i'm the cause of a problem 24/7.
i feel like harry has made one of his dreams come true because he always wanted to fly i'm so proud of my son #signofth
i feel so drained after only getting 4hrs of sleep
time for school. i feel good this morning, so i hope i will have a good day as well.
me: *wants to be spoiled* also me: *wont accept anything bc i feel extremely bad if anyone spends any amount of money on me*
i swear i feel sick too
lord knows i'm blessed but sometimes i feel cursed
i feel you on that!
idk about anyone else, but i feel like some serious <bleep> this morning.
lol nah april holidays were too good to me the nostalgia i feel whenever i listen to damn.
woah the weirdset thing just happened to me: i sneezed and cracked my entire back... i feel amazing
- even though we only started to talk yesterday i feel like im already attached ilysm girlie
i'd make fun of what a corrupt idiot the president does, but i feel like he's doing a bang up job of that himself. every damn day.
as a young african american i feel as if we needa come together as a people lift each other up instead of tearing one another down
i did nem 150 -&gt; 400 then 600 -&gt; 1400 i feel you
"bro on the real i need water so <bleep>ing bad i feel like spongebob in sandy's dome"
i feel like i have so much to do this week
i feel the warmth of the choco mallow piec
once i feel like i'm forcing you to talk to me i'm really gonna distance myself and if we don't speak so be it
i feel like i'm drowning
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loser
one of my favorite employees quit today because his wife is not doing well. i feel so bad for the guy.
i feel like my insides are disintegrating
i feel u.. tara 2 bottles.. charot!
i feel how i feel, i won't fight it
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
i feel like i've gain weight by watching this video
i feel so alive #signofthetimesmusicvideo
mamsh i feel betrayed
but i feel talking here doesn't help all that much + i don't want to bother you with my problems.
i feel fine till i'm all alone in my room at night and then i get sad
i feel so sick
i feel like idk how to take selfies anymore. somebody help
i feel like eating shake shack so badddd
i feel so sick i feel like i'm gonna puke i'm so anxious
omaigod i cant even look at kkt i feel so embarrassed why tf did i mistook pm for am byebyebye
i feel bad for that girl tho....but soon her evil <bleep> daddy will b old and i pray she is an only child
i hate college. .... alright i feel better nowi feel so poopyi feel sick as hell;(i feel like <bleep> when you ignore me.i feel bad for the parents of the kid who gon try n <bleep> with mine loli feel so sick yikeswish it was i feel like going back to bedi feel like i should've called out today, these pains not having iti always wonder what i've done to deserve all the pain i feel day by day.i feel like i can barely open my eyes today #needsleep #somanyfinalpaperzzz #onmygrindi feel lied toi have naturally <bleep>y curly hair and after months of not doing it i straightened it today and i feel so weird but hot wtfi want to cry till i feel okayi feel like dating me or being friends w me is sucha challengesign of the times is all i feel about harry surrounded by an immensity of good feelings, feeling that i can accomplish dri wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutsince i've been so busy lately, i feel it is only right that you guys get a douple upload today. both videos are abouti don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somethini feel like i didnt see yoongi and tae enough??? but idk i did see all of them up close at some point. i definitely saw jimin the mosti feel stupid and contagiousi feel like state board mailed my old address and i really don't have timeat least that's how i feel.i feel bad for ppl in this school that never meet jon snydercoach bought kate spade and i'm not quite sure how i feel about that.i remember the first gta how things have changed how old i feeli feel a subplot coming on...loli feel a tattoo in the near futureyooo i never thought about getting the anbu symbol as a tattoo? but its cool and subtle and i feel like it isnt super overdone??sometimes i feel that i deserve no one because i'm honestly a hard person to understand and people will always get tired of mei feel like a <bleep>show right nowonce i feel like i'm forcing you to talk to me i'm really gonna distance myself and if we don't speak so be iti feel so <bleep> with my nails this shorttshirt "lines" are the worst. i hate people who use tee spring and say they have a clothing line. i really do. so i feel youno amount of sleep in the world will cure the tiredness i feeli feel like throwing up honestlywhat did i miss during school where are these from. i feel dumb for asking sorryb but-one of my favourite artists watched me on da and i wanna <bleep>ing cry man i'm so happy omfg i feel good about my art holy <bleep>please please please read this i'm begging you i'll prob never meet you but at least you knoinstead of telling you how i feel, i tweet.same omg. i feel like a show like that doesn't need a season 2, hannah's story began and ended with season one.me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.i feel bad for our country. but this is tremendous content.sigh. i feel like writing a quick post re jia's decision but my thoughts are a mess*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loseri feel like neither of us are danny we're both arini feel sleepy na. shet, the masseur did an excellent job.why i feel like i just need to disappear for a whilei feel kinda guilty since my mind had these thoughts such as "r u avoiding ppl" "dude socialise more.. even online"i feel how i feel, i won't fight itonce i feel unwanted i fall back...my fave bts lyrics is not today. when i depressed, i listen it. i feel better after that. ^^ that's why i votei feel today is gonna be longi feel like i'm stuck here in this house where i'm not welcomed and it's making me miserable. save me or adopt me idk ughh :(i feel weak, chest tightness, and nauseousoh my god, exactly how i feel!!i'm so tired. i feel like crying
i feel disgusted that my ex bestfriend is anti-semetic
idk if i wanna listen to isaiah rashad cus i feel like shooting somebody or if i wanna put on krit cus i need to calm myself down
i feel like crap like why can't i just be rolled up in my bed while i get feed like a princess
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
this room smells heavily of paint i feel sick
the more i do things because i want to, the more i feel like practising my religion isn't a big deal.
ugh its monday and i feel sick af and sore #sos #boo
i feel very lazy but im alright! hbu?
i feel sorry for aaptards, they are still blaming modi for all this, not there fault,worried how many will commit suicide now. #aapketukde
i feel sleepy already tho i had 9 hrs of sleep
today we fight i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist i feel so proud omg
sometimes i feel like i wanna end "this" and grab a sharp object and slit it to my wrist
i feel so happy for no <bleep>ing reason when i see you
i feel sick asf
after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks will
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like this statement is such bull, and people say it all the time
i love how i feel when workout and stuff but i also love how it feels to sleep in but i'm dedicated
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
nothing i say will be as beautiful as what i feel. but do not forget that i love you, far and beyond what i can imagin
and so time passes. and so, my heart, tomorrow comes. i feel you, leaning, out back with the crickets, loyal heart marking the soon-ness,
i feel so attackedt, jung hoseok why ?????
i literally feel like crying when i think that people mob or attack shawn, i feel so so sorry for him, he doesn't deserve that at all
why do i feel like i am tho
rings!!!! i wear rings all the time i feel like they would popular af
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
i feel so blessed to have the heart i have. life hasn't been fair, but i'm going to forever keep my head up and my words swe
this is how i feel about u liking kraft
anyway i feel like im reasonably able 2 parse how my whiteness operates but i just have a vague feeling of discomfort re: class priviledge
i feel like spring day was dedicated to me, therefore, i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmas
i feel like social media has become a competition to see who can wear the least clothes
i feel like my brain has stopped working.
thank you very much for connecting. i feel deeply honoured. stay blessed
now i feel that i should of never left texas and came back 2 colorado.
i might jus come to see you depends on how i feel
i feel so bad for waking up cameron on ft
sometimes i feel like i'm doctor who and my wife daughter are my companions.
i'm glad, i feel like that's the right major for u
if i don't know japanese tbh i can just skip through but since i understand i feel it's a waste to not read them lol
i feel i should insult this <bleep>hat, but have no idea who he is. he's got the blue check--does anyone know if
i feel so bad seeing him with his head down wishing his rank was lower so people wouldn't curse him out for it...
i feel like i listen to moneybagg yo all day
once i feel unwanted i fall back...
i feel good and loveable 2day but im still mopin inside, im still sappy inside, hmph
top two indians in the ipl most runs aren't there perfect biased as usual! i feel bad that i even e
i feel fantastic, good morning
i thank the organizers of dnd kahit i'm here sa states
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i feel like krave seriously lacks a bajan vibe or even a caribbean vibe. like they could be a labour day band and done
i feel so sorry for not being enough.
when i start the conversation, i feel like i'm annoying you.
just fell going into my first final and i feel like that is how my finals will be going
i feel like some sort of reality check has hit me as i was looking through my insta, i feel old as <bleep>, i need to start being an adult
i feel bad for dean to be thrown into that pit of worms
i feel like i'm not a priority in your life....because if i was you wouldn't treat me like this.
i feel so attacked when i text people without auto caps on
i feel like i died or somethingit's incredible how <bleep>ty i feel in the morning before i have my coffeei'm laughing doing english literally makes me so anxious that i feel like i can't breathe,,, this is swell life is goodi feel ui feel like my brain is exploding.i vote as top social artist at #btsbbmas rewatching rookie king rn. they've grown so beautifully. i feel like a proud mum.i feel blessedi feel it comingi feel like the implication is that it's not that far post-revolution. like 5-10 years tops.i feel so sick but i already missed too much school lmao kmsi don't think she believes in mystical connection but she's wrapped around me like ribbon so close i feel her heart beating ai still get shocked after seeing votes update even though i know we army are working hard. i feel so blessed to be perti feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.i don't talk much unless i feel comfortable with youi feel so weird tweeting via web.i feel bad for people that have no feelings, that must really <bleep> to not feel anything.every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel so attacked im gonna actially cry"i feel like maybe i've heard of hawthorne heights.." - my new coworker. bless him. he doesn't even know what's about to comei feel like half of my english 102 class dropped it in the last 3 weekskinda scared to give it another chance coz i feel like whenever i decide to give someone my best efforts, they take it for gra90's babies had all the good cartoons growing up i feel bad for this new generation of kids. y'all cartoons <bleep>ty ai feel so bad for tipsy, she's going through so much. seeing your love standing with someone else no matter what the situatioj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel so sick todayi feel like this would be a page that you would enjoyi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we onthe music fiu has playing is hispanic music... giggles... there is no mistaken where this school is located. i feel like dancing loli feel so lame watching this but this my iiiissshhh!this is one of the issues i feel most strongly about. this is *incredibly* important. we live online now. we need to protecti just really badly want to learn nocturne, but then i feel like an idiot for trying.my five year old brother is a big fan. today he woke up and immediately said: "i feel like ai feel like i am on the edge of a panic attack.also does demar derozan have the nickname dede i feel like he should and that should be a thingi wish i could tell you how i feel. instead i wrote music for you to feel mewell, now i feel a little better"i feel like i'm on the edge of emotion, and so i'm trying to suppress it, and that's why i sound sarcastic all the time.i feel it will be a long long winter. the longest of my life.i definitely don't get it and now i feel slowwhy do i feel like me and alex about to cut up for graduation !!i feel like i <bleep> at lifemost times i feel trapped, consumed by my thoughts . i can make sense out of nonsense even when i'm the one affected by itall i can say is this i feel a little bit of history repeating and we are now in 1939this is how i feel when i try to deal with you and the bloody cardi feel like is slept on heavy!!!i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel that it really does the book justice, and i don't often say that!can you feel the same as i feel towards you ?ni jugak reason orang bengang kenapa after a few days or few weeks baru aku reply text dorang. cause i feel bored at that time.i feel like lil wayne knows something that nobody else does and we need to start building our defenses as soon as possiblep.a.s.t.a describes what i feel right now..i feel incomplete without her.i feel how i feel, i won't fight iti feel like actual death i want to throw up from how sick i feeli feel bad for my ex. he has to deal with a true psychopathic sister.my birthdays on sunday and idk how i feel about itif you really know what i feelinstead of telling you how i feel, i tweet.i feel like this is gonna be big on college campuses.me too bullet i feel youi feel like i'm going to come back from seeing gotg2 and find that nothing has changed in terms of this investigation. like before...i don't like to give people an opp. to hurt me so if i notice a quality that i feel is potentially harmful i'll nip it in the bud quick af
enemies of success are disgusting. if you can't be truly happy and celebrate the success of others, i feel sorry for you.
i feel so happy when i'm with you.
why do i feel like everyones forgotten about the legendary namjoon verse in cypher pt 2 i vote for for top socia
has to drive me around until i feel better and i am so anxious
lord knows that i'm blessed but sometimes i feel cursed..
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
my #1 goal is to make other people smile,it makes me happy when i can cheer someone else up,no matter how bad i feel, it
left my earrings at home i feel incomplete.
why do i feel like l know no one who likes nyoungb??? or am i just too isolated
nicole is finally returning to instagram after her two year hiatus. i feel like a proud mum
its my last day of highschool i feel like i should b a lil emotional
thx for the shout out. i feel privileged to have had my name incorporated into the time-honored novocaine c
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
i feel good baby i feel great
im trying my hardest to not act how i feel.
| my poor bby. i feel for you, i have literally been there.
nothing like making a flight by the skin of your teeth. i feel invincible for the rest of the day.
i'm constantly popping the switch off of the dock to play a few rounds of puyotet. i feel like i couldn't really do this with the vita/3ds
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like <bleep>
i feel like ignoring everything
same. i feel like someone died.
i feel attacked ..why you so handsome hoseok! i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
i am a very forgiving person. i'm not sure if that makes me weak, but i feel like nothing is really worth it
i feel like smoking while a stranger raids your home would be your first mistake
i feel that im more of an annoyance than a friend
i feel so good about life
never have i, feel so stressed that i called my mom and almost burst into tears
i already drank like 1.5l water but i feel like im getting a headache, why tho why???
told ya how i feel that's on you if u take it or leave it ..
i feel like i am diagonally parked in a parallel universe. - unknown #aldubxdtbycomplicated #dtbyscandal
just took my econ final and not gonna lie i had a lot of fun and i feel amazing
i feel so nice mom,i feel so nice i vote for #btsbbmas top social artist award
i feel like you have to go through all the bad stuff in life to even be able to recognize the good stuff..
i feel like i live in my car these days
emmm sbar yunkkk i feel you babe
it's like my heart is filled with this disgusting black aura right now, n i'm not trying to sound rude but it's what i feel.
i text bach when i feel like it
yeah i feel you, there's something in noah i think it's the eyeglass joke lol maybe bcoz noah's more grown-up?
idk why but i feel like doing an emo thread like how one day jiminie will have his own girl and his own family owowowow
i feel like <bleep> i want to go home
i accidentally fell asleep while watching bates motel now i feel gross
a lot of yall creatives be stealing but i guess u gotta get creative with theft so i feel u
i feel 10x better after praying.
i feel like the bags underneath my eyes are never gonna go away no matter what i do
going to start playing more forza horizon 3. i feel like i've slept on that game
i feel like today gone go by so sloww
unblocked the shower now i feel like a king
why do i feel so empty inside hahaha
just say you feel the way that i feel
i feel so lonely.
i feel strange here
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
i feel like god keeps giving me chances and i keep blowing it
expressed how i feel about phaedra so perfectly. i'm so disappointedi feel ui feel sad againonce i feel different about u, ur donei feel like everybody secretly hates me.fun fact: just bc i say "i feel you" doesn't always mean i agree with you. it's acknowledgement of your thoughts, feelings,i feel like having unmarked police cars is counterproductive.:// i feel youi vote for #btsbbmas i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back homei feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.i feel something good happening to me. its like i can see everything clearer now. my chakras rotating properly again.i feel like i tweet all the advice i know i should take but im too stubborn to take.lmao thanks but now i feel like an idiot.i feel like playing elsword again anyone wanna join in loli feel pathetic: i met my teenage crush after a decade in a library. we fixed a coffee for today. i dressed up. obviously he did not come.my head is hurting and i feel like vomiting. :-(i feel like all i ever tweet about anymore is chem but like wow i hate iti wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutthe classic purple rain came on the radio as i cross the state line. i feel like it's a sign of things to come #purplereigni saw someone at school wearing a dlid shirt i feel attackedi love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.use to be a sad boy now i feel nothingi feel lost in my head againi am fine = i wish you know how i feel inside. #aldubxdtbycomplicatedi feel truly blessed when strangers come to me for advisei feel sorry for people who think white moch/vanilla latte is coffeethe taupe in this room is not soothing. i feel more like hell is monochromatic.i feel like death so if anyone wants to kill me i'd appreciate it, but make it painless i don't wanna sufferberair mata bro tengok ending #menantifebruari i feel you ariei feel like i've never actually read the packaging on microwave popcorn, and now i know why mine was always burntwhy do i overthink so much i feel silly nowsleeping (more like reading fics) to get some rest, today has been emotionally exhausting and i feel so sick bc pcd, goodnightoh we're in love aren't we ? hands in your hair fingers and thumbs baby i feel safe when you're holding me neari feel really happy rn"i feel like i'm on the edge of emotion, and so i'm trying to suppress it, and that's why i sound sarcastic all the time.does making fun of other people boost up your ego? i feel sorry for those who had to reevaluate themselves just because ppl mai feel like i've settled in. i know how to deal with most of the basics. i can get around the city. i know where to buy groceries.cause i feel the same wayi'm blem forreal i might just say how i feeli feel like <bleep> todaygod gave me you to show me what's real there's more to life than just how i feel. now i do, 'cause god gave me you.. #maat this point i feel intimidated by hannah baker because she can do it while i can't.the person that sent me my last is comical lol. they know how i feel people be trying to argue. i said what i said.my kindred spirit. kept it short coz i know you already know how i feel. know that i've got you too. my g.i feel like spends more time on his hair than i do and it's perfectly acceptable. #myfavoritemorningshowidk why but i feel like you right now in this airporti feel like dancingwhenever i wear a robe around my house i feel so boujeethe stars are aligning. i feel iti feel so uncomfortable rn...21 is going great except i feel like i'm about to vomit every time i consume something!!! yeah!!! alcohol!!!i feel gr8 this morninsobs why can't i stay with my classmates for all modules i feel so much comfortable with themi feel like i should watch these episodes after spending hours listening to you talking about them. #avsepodcasti feel like a part of my soul has loved you since the beginning of everything. maybe were from the same star... #seif i feel like i'm doing too much, i immediately fall back. i ain't finna fw nobody more than they fw me.i feel like ppl give up to easy in a relationship idk how y'all expect to get married because no relationship perfecti feel so sicki feel bloody disrepected by hoseok like okay i see you, you're tryna go for my ult bias spot i'mawesome! but i feel for the bass player and cello player having to be in the bathtub/bathroom.so, i feel weird to talk in my language with stranger since i used to have an english conversation with stranger. #btsbbmas
sometimes i feel like i wanna be single forever, omg i love myself! i don't want to share myself with anyone!!!
i feel like ari is gonna perform 'quit' w/ mimu gloves just like whytry #dangerouswomantour #philippineswantsariana ht
ever wake up in the morning and just know your going to be great today? that's how i feel about whitmer softball today!
i feel like they're filming bugs life 2 outside tonight
i feel so bad for him... he gets so much <bleep> because people can't separate a character from a person. smh
i feel nothing but embarrassment about the way i let someone treat me for so long. i hate that i ever thought that little
all i wear is black all i feel is blue
i feel ugl using this dp but its nayeon so
he is literally the most precious thing that has ever walked this earth i feel slightly better now after seeing these pic
i feel like a hoe mom for taking these snap videos with mirabelle in them when i wake up but she never leaves my side s
how i feel
lord knows that i'm blessed but sometimes i feel cursed
i feel you
i feel safe when you're holding me near
lord, thank you so much for the unconditional love even if sometimes, i feel like i don't deserve it for i keep on disappointi
today was such a good day, why do i feel so.. meh
everytime i land in colombia i feel reborn
right can we have more options lmao i feel like tobi but their material kinda <bleep>s
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel you 100% cause that was literally me when i was about to move lik
even in a crowd full of people i feel completely alone
i feel kinda silly about my reaction last night but <bleep> it, i was emotional and for good reason
i feel you man.
i feel attacked ..why you so handsome hoseok! i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist
what's the male version of a first lady? i feel like it should be first lad
i feel this soooo hard bruh
i feel like <bleep> and i just wanna go home
now i feel stupid for tweeting this poll thanks
i feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.
berair mata bro tengok ending #menantifebruari i feel you arie
i feel so guilty that i'm not at this funeral
i have a headache right now i feel so sick help
can i slide into someones dm and just rant everything hahahais. if only someone could understand how i feel lul.
i feel so bad for my guardian angel. she's probably stressed out like a mf
i feel a kh link incoming....
idk what i feel , idk what i want
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
dear lord let me have all the strength to finish my degree. bcs rn i feel like giving up
i feel like a bright light
justin got very emotional every time he sing "life is worth living" i don't know if it's true but this is what i feel #
you hate me now, i feel the same way
i feel so faded today man and i don't even do drugs or nothin ha
i feel like everyone wants something from me but doesn't have anything to offer
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i feel more comfortable in the prompto one tbh
i feel to do a song with you. i'm a talented boy in music and i don't have any support so please help me out to exhibit what is in me.
niggas don't ever think how i feel
i feel numb, at the fact that so many people from my life are gone, and will never come back.
*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loser
sometimes i feel at the top of the world. sometimes i am down as well. <bleep> happens. and then you sleep.
no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feel
with you i feel safe.
was watching cringey musically vids and now i feel like puking
i feel how i feel, i won't fight it
lmaooo. hey bud, i feel you. i still think the lakers beat the pistons in '04.
used to get caught up in my feelins now i feel numb to it
i feel like crap
lol i feel you
ok /now/ i feel the pressure
why do i feel like this
i feel m2 is the obvious conclusion.
yeah i feel u...well im saving my coint up so u let me knowi feel youi feel useless grabe!!!what the world are waiting for #zeymir... what we are getting in this stupid fragman i feel like comoh you know i did it it's over and i feel fine nothing you could say is gonna change my mind #foofightersmy anxiety is so bad today that i am physically sick, i feel like i'm in a dreamoutside: i'm happy. everything is okay. inside: i'm starting to self destruct from this sadness that i feel.i can't be jealous when we agreed to stay best friends but i feel a little jealousy inside me lmao..... this <bleep>s....i feel like i i started talking to myself when i stopped using twitter... that sounds crazy cause everybody on twitter talks to themselves.my dog has anxiety and i feel very connected to heri can like you but if i feel like i'm not getting that same feeling back i'm falling back i don't wanna feel like i'm bothering youi feel personally attacked let me read bad tweets in peaceberair mata bro tengok ending #menantifebruari i feel you ariei feel like i'm still on the road to success spiritually as god is still working on me... and my job is not my full potentialthis morning i feel the necessity to update latricia on my life every other minutestill trying to understand how i feel about you.i feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.i feel like i'm about to pass outi feel you pothe sense of achievement i feel when i get more chillis on my nandos card is second 2 nonei wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel the hearts beating and even far, this is my home oh, it never let me oh oh, you never let me ohmy ability to function in society is kept up purely by shoving marshmallows in my mouth when i feel the urge to be pettyi feel ready but also not ready for this english examyou don't wanna know how much i've spent i just roughly calculated today and i really hate myself atm so i feel youhow i feel seeing everyone's posts about how they're graduating this week knowing i still have to go back in the falli feel like he ran up on mei feel so emptyi feel like that's what's happening but it's a long way from perfectistg namjoon's reflection really got me, i feel so emotional i mean the lyrics are just-- i want to hug himand most fans though think simone is actually more in trouble than normani. as for certainly rashad is a lock to finals i feel.i feel like curly the wave but this braid gotta stayi feel loved with those heartsmy skin is so bright and pretty this morning, i feel greati don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli've been on the low i been taking my time i feel like i'm out of my mindi feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmaswant to apologize but i have no idea how to even phrase my words out sos should i even?? what did i do? but why do i feel so guilty?if youre having girl problems i feel better.aaaah i feel you ;;;;i feel the same wayi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel like you lyinghe just...i feel disrespectedwhenever i feel down i just remember the first time i met at their first melbourne show.i feel like i'm going to diei try to ignore a lot of problems and emotions i feel but,we all gotta face the <bleep> some day.*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loseri feel like i function like a normal human who can concentrate and work without being distracted/fidgety at hours i should be ai feel like a foolit's a thin line between growing up and maturing, and i feel like so few people can grasp that reality...i feel like an avocado todayi feel like my energy is wasted when i make a fantastic niche reference and my straight friends don't get itforgot to wear my glasses to work now i feel blindi feel how i feel, i won't fight iti'm addicted to uploading youtube videos i feel you guys will lovei've been on the low i've been taking my time. i feel like i'm outta my mind, i feel like my life ain't mine. who can relate?i feel so gross my throats hurts so badly.i feel i'm going to die when hyung is sad - jk to taehyung i vote for for the top social artist award. #btsbbmasi should wake bake but i feel like i'll definitely end up sleep asf
i feel like i've done enough good stuff that i now deserve to be stuck in an elevator with a cute boy.
i feel like i'm always gonna be a cheesy hopeless romantic??
i feel so disappointed and annoyed as the usual pinned one was disappeared just like that lmao
i refuse to keep correcting somebody actions if i already told them how i feel about it and they continue doing it.
i really miss you and i feel like i'm annoying you or something
believe me.. i feel u ://
i regret using my pto on friday bc i feel <bleep>ing awful and i have no pto and no wellness time and i wanna die :')
i feel like <bleep> now :( i'm sorry!! i love you :(
just got up and i feel much better
i've got 23 years experience in the jobs i'm applying for. i feel your pain. i really do. you're not alone
i feel a different feeling whenever artificial love comes on.
i feel sad, down and all
i feel back off that love <bleep> ,, tried to play me for a goofy thats that <bleep>
i want to do that but i feel so proud (even tho i shouldn't) when i put work into a video
i feel rejected
you think i'm fine though but really you have no idea how i feel now and it's just <bleep>s really3 <bleep>s
i feel sick asf
i feel like its cheating, even though its not physical cheating its still emotional cheating to me thts jst as bad
my guy getting to the bag..priorities i feel you bro
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
yes sam they are i feel like they should live in a castle
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
i feel like this says so much about you as a person in such a beautiful way? #keeper
i feel so proud for contributing in lowering the curve #igcsemaths
i feel like a proud son.
i feel like i'm dying
i feel so free in this dress today, and i never wear dresses to work
i feel dead lol
some days, i feel everything at once. other days, i feel nothing at all.
i feel like my day almost finish and it just start :(
i feel your pain! all the books i need aren't available
when you're gone, i feel incomplete.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
i feel miserable and i don't know how i'm going to survive the next year without significant intervention so i'm watching lost
i feel like bernie!
why do i feel like i lost something i never had
surgery went really well. i feel really good.
my cat just came home and found me stroking another cat on the driveway. i feel like i've been caught cheating
if they went back to having just 1 champ per weight class i feel that would go a long way to bringing it back
i feel really sad today i want to cry
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
can you see me glowing that's how i feel
mask on mask off i feel like a chemist
i feel like memorial day weekend last year was fun so it better be this year too
i was 17 looking 15, meanwhile y'all 17 looking damnear 30 . i feel cheated asf
jin is so beautiful and lovely i feel attacked
i feel so so guilty when my uk patients miss me. they want to see the same doctor which is totally understandable.
i feel like a bother to every single person in my life
guys you know how you feel once you get a fresh cut , well that's how i feel when i get my eye brows done
there's this girl who stares into my soul every time i see her in the hallway i feel like i should know her somehow
"i feel terrible for the local journalists who will be forced to set aside their news judgment to air trump administrati
i feel worthless
i feel like he's still running
thanks to for the raid last night on stream! been raided two streams in a row. i feel very lucky!
i feel like coach became the bag everyone bought and lost its "luxury" market. ks has slowly followed suit.
i feel like i'm just falling deeper for you every single day
i hope #emison is endgame in a very good way but if i feel cheated again with this ship i will nevr gonna buy the dvd
"you've changed" but i feel you changed from me
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i feel like it's kinda weird for a girl to say a guy is looking like a snack... when a guy says it it's usually cuz he's tryna eat the puh
just to let u know, that mind frame is "idc if i feel so upset that it's physically painful i feel like wallowing rn"
i feel as if i should block everyone on my facebook timeline who shared the update from david schwimer about friends
sometimes i feel like i really dont belong here, like im supposed to be some place else. hercules
i feel like with my luck i'm gonna meet the loml when i'm like 40 :/
i feel how i feel, i won't fight it
i think i loose myself for a few weeks and when someone from cornwall sees me i find myself again, doesn't mater who it is i feel me again
sometimes i can't put what i feel into words.
i feel like a flipping zygote
i <bleep>ing love this whole album. i'm so happy these songs aren't a secret anymore. i feel mad relieved thank y'all for ev
every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...
i feel weird being sympathetic or showing affection to others
sometimes i feel like i shiok sendiri ahahahi feel like crapi feel like nothing. no self confidence, no motivation, nothing. i just feel like i am here taking up space all the time.outside: i'm happy. everything is okay. inside: i'm starting to self destruct from this sadness that i feel.ugh. you praise me that much and i feel like flying to the 7th clouds. you do the same things to me, unnie. so, we're same.and lord knows that i'm blessed but sometimes i feel cursedfinished education i feel like you need to restarti have been medicated for severe #depression for 8 years. some days are a real struggle. you are not alone i feel you #have you tried binge watching? i feel like <bleep> wasting time but at least it always makes me feel better for a whilei feel you bro.just gonna shoot everyone with floyd lawton til i feel bettersomehow i feel okayi feel like i'm gonna throw upi feel like that all the time!............ but for different reasons.i feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.im too shy to tell you how i feel, and i'm afraid if i ask you "what do you think of me?" your reply will be "i dont."i feel so responsible for all the bills that's been getting paid, definitely could've bought 2 new pursesthinkin bout tomorrow won't change how i feel today.sweating and shivering at the same time. safe to say i feel horrendous.i feel like i look like a guy and my forehead looks big afi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like <bleep>i feel so tired. everyday. every hour. every moment. i'm just so tired.i feel pretty nice today :))i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.i wish someone knows how i feel every single nighti just realised it's only monday means it has only been 3 days since ep 5 but why do i feel like it has been a week alrethank you all for all the wonderful birthday wishes! i feel loved! :))i feel amazing! are you using auras?i want to tell you, i feel hung up but i don't know whyi feel like one of drake's 8 teams left in the playoffs will win it all. really stoked for him.i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisnah i feel this on a spiritual level.all night, no sleep. cause i feel like i'm always dreamingi feel sorry for streamsnipers. they are too bad to beat someone straight up and have no friends to play legitimately with.i feel the same. i want to like him, but i reallllllly loved andrew garfield's spider-man.i did the bed scene too sis, but in all honesty i feel bad that didn't see your video yet #feel very tired while in this journey i feel like wanna give up cannot concentrate cannot keep going i need morr strengthi agree with that too. although i feel like i do get a lot more accomplished being alone, it does get a bit depressing at timesi feel like i'm the most rational and centered version of myself in the morning and just get gradually more of a mess as the day goes oni feel so out of it right now and i don't knowi feel like i know too muchby the way, finally i feel my eyes are getting better. had this disturbing feeling all day long it's like pain behind my eyeballs (?)i had vision of how i wanted my future to look, but i feel lucky that my life didn't turn out how i dreamed it would. #desireschangei feel bad for all the seniors that are graduating this year.. life's rough after high schooli feel like faintingyeah sometimes i feel like thati love shopping with people, i feel like the little devil on their shoulder going "buy that 80 jacket, it's worth it"words can't describe the pain i feel in my heart for animals that are abused or killed for no reasonnow you know how i feel when you say <bleep> about my posts don't get so heated and don't start saying i'm talking that "hot <bleep>"1020 not bad but i feel like i could have done betteryes same man what an amazing scene i feel so blessed that it existsa little less cardio at gym today, but, alot more weight training i feel all manly....now, can someone come rub my sore bitsthat's how i feel i don't even a pic with noah when he was born or even the first two weeks!i feel like lil wayne knows something that nobody else does and we need to start building our defenses as soon as possiblecan't believe polygon agreed now i feel dirty.people. are mad bakithi, all you smell outside are burning tyres. i feel like at anytime bricks are gonna fly ntho ysa coligny!i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel how i feel, i won't fight iti feel better when i'm tani choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejectioni feel like i was broken up with again because my manager is leaving our job and she's been my best friend for like a year nowi feel so sicksome days i feel as if my toaster has more of a use than a fan boy loli'm honestly blown away by all the lovely messages and phone calls i'm getting, i appreciate the love so much, i feel so comfortedonce i feel like i'm forcing you to talk to me i'm really gonna distance myself and if we don't speak so be iti feel like following more ppl to show that i don't care about my ratio cus some ppl piss me of a lot rn
i feel quite sorry for mark in this
all my takes have already been said on twitter by way more intelligent people so i feel like i can't say anything original
i feel like this is the summer where everyone has time for me and to meet me but noo sorry im away u didn't want me last month
my faculty art exhibition this semester is akkr colored theme. i feel so blessed
i feel like it's very cis women centered and its just....sure that can be "rebellious" but like...
i feel like im that type of person who'd be down to get random tattoos all the time but i dont know what to get first and i
i feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied by
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
hey are you bluetooth because i feel one connection with you &lt;33
seriously am loving the fact brynnly has dropped. i feel like i can breathe again!
lol imagine how i feel everyday......
i feel like i will never finish my homework! <bleep>, i'm sleepy! oh, never mind, two more things to go.... ( feels extra dumb )
why do i feel so lonely?
i feel as if they both equal displays of ignorance. generalization or racial, don't matter. they both garbage. simple ht
now wat to tweet honestly i feel tweetless sorry guys ^^lll #btsbbmas army squad
i struggle with also our popes attitude about the islamic immigration! i feel he has abandoned us
i feel sick i want to go home so bad
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like <bleep>
hmmm i feel like, making something -but i dont have enough ruby. i want the whole thing to be ruby. puttin it tada side, for the moment.
i love my dad way too <bleep>ing much bruh, i feel so comfortable around him
i feel like restarting this twitter thing. like new there's so much that i wanna say but i can't..
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel it coming-mighty's coming out clapapella intro the weeknd / daft punk #fmyokohama #nowplaying
i just feel so put together when my fingernails and toenails match... i mean, i'm not put together, but i feel it
i feel like i'm on twitter when everyone else isn't so i'm always replying to tweets like 12+ hours ago lmao
i feel like when you run from your problems it just shows people how much of a coward you are !
like honestly letting go of that responsibility has taught me to love myself so deeply and i feel super free and badass 100% of the time.
just a heads up if you are a guy and like my girls tweet and pics 24/7 and i'm not close with you, i'll let you know how i
i feel like water solves all problems.. wanna lose weight? drink water.. clear face? drink water.. tired of your man? drown him..
guy in the next building who sometimes just puts in the skyrim disk and shouts along to the shouty parts of menu music, i feel u
i just deleted like 2,000 tweets i feel clean
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.
it's a beautiful week, i feel it i claim it
i feel hrc will be the last, best centrist candidate we'll see from either party for a while.
i feel like this is all old stuff that we shouldn't be opening.
woah why i feel that tabisan is more real than daragon?? lolll
i feel like running away i'm still so far from home
i didn't take my prenatal vitamins so i feel weak
no offense bt i jst want to say wht i feel she steals the show always and roots us by her stellar grace,even more than rk
i see u new hater i feel like maino
but knows exactly how i feel, that's why i love this bih #riyt
maybe i'll clothes shop tomorrow if i ain't too lazy........ i feel like i don't like much that i own anymore sigh
peterson: "in my mind, i feel like i have a lot of years left" #saints
i feel like the definition of limitless
i feel sorry for my maid whenever i cook somethin
*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loser
i feel like i'm taken for granted
i feel how i feel, i won't fight it
.@mfinnerty21 marissa, this is regarding your tweet. yes, i feel that way lmao
aweeeeee i feel so honored whaatttt
i'm just confused bc i thought i was following and i wasn't and i feel cheated out of a year of dank tweets
[i feel like the flash trying to type at his superhuman speed lol great start to the day].@markiplier and when he said something about this last name and how everyone <bleep>umed he spoke german like yo!!! i feel ui feel like posting camp half-blood: confidential spoilers ughhghhhhhhbi was 17 looking 15, meanwhile y'all 17 looking damnear 30 . i feel cheated asfi feel like nothing. no self confidence, no motivation, nothing. i just feel like i am here taking up space all the time.when i send cj to school and i'm not there, i feel like i'm abandoning him.i just met the vapms ajd i smell like connor i feel blessed wtffffffi got some ganja infused coconut oil sitting in my fridge right now... available for whenever i feel like having iti feel like the odds of any deus ex/wide choice shooter not being incredibly broken under the surface are pretty low.hahaha cause i feel bad!i feel like deathi feel your pain, 10 years today since we lost my grandad. sleep tight angels <bleep>i feel bad for anyone who wasn't a graduate because the pictures and coverage through out the day are awesomenobody understands what i feeli feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.oh wow. i feel a little better having eaten but also, i feel like crapi feel like they're trying to tell me something but i just can't seem to make it outi feel dumb /:sometimess i feel im better quittidk what i feel rn . hmmmi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like i dont belongi feel some type of wayi honestly want seungcheol to hug me to sleep, i feel like he would have the perfect build to be a comfy human pillowwhen i saw jin throwing a lot of flying kiss i feel so sad. #btsbbmasi feel so neglected todayi feel like you are at izzy's or whatever it's called. correct?i feel attacked ..why you so handsome hoseok! i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artisti feel neglected in your hospitali feel so disrespected and i won't let it go on any longer21 but i feel like i'm 40they said it's the right thing to do, so then why do i feel horrible about itso i'm listening joy's waiting for you that han gyeol wrote for her, i find it sweet esp the lyrics it's so accurate what i feel for yeolyeah agreed. i feel like once it became a franchise after the sequel it has been hard to reign in. so we will see.i feel like the only time this is a questionable thing to do is if you're arguing with yourself and losing the argument.i love just observing on this twitter sha. many people already tweet how i feel, so i just and i do not have to mix wii feel like the votes slowed down a little. keep voting n let's make more history with bts i vote for top socii feel feelings about this. lots of feelings. i think it could worki need someone to talk to, i feel like <bleep> rn #mondaymotivationi feel like scott has the worst friends lol they always encourage him to drink and then never make sure he sobers upi got a whole eight hour sleep last night, blessed. i feel so good.when i put the pillow on my forehead and my eyes , i feel soooooo calm . so that i can sleep welltrue facts, but i feel like even non-concept albums always work better as a whole. songs work in contrast to each other.true, it scarred me lol i feel like she's about to sometimesugh i feel like <bleep>ei feel like cryingmaybe i don't cry, but i'm hurt maybe i won't say, but i feel maybe i don't show, but i carei feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel better when i'm tannow i feel sad for that kidevery time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...when i'm with you , i feel safe from the things that hurt me inside
of course you know i feel like the bearer of bad news
i really be attached to anything that i feel belongs to me
i feel you
i feel like 5sos3 is gonna be very unique and different and we better get lots of ashtons solos we deserve it
i got invited to a rly big wedding and i feel like i'm having a mid life crisis about the fact i have to conform to the classyness
i feel like cancelling my ny and washington trip
why do i feel the need to send 10 messages in a row when i could easily fit it all into one
.@bts_twt i feel u hobi bc i get scared a lot // army squad i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist award
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i feel too much or i feel emotionless, there's no in between
happy birthday to my guy !! you've grown so much since i met you i feel like a proud father
i feel comfortable when i am alone.
as a new mom, i feel extraordinarily lucky to have good insurance and healthcare here in minneapolis at
i feel like a concerned mother lol que no se me vaya perder
i feel so guilty
this bellarke fic parallels robbtalisa do i feel bad? no?
me: wow today is such a nice day i feel so relaxed anxiety: are you sure about that
i swear to god i feel like death is <bleep>ing calling me...
i feel like <bleep> man
i feel like would be dissapointed that didn't use ac/dc
"when you hold me i feel protected~" she's teasing.
i feel so so so lonely
.@blakeshelton #voicetop10 blake....i love ur music as u are now....i feel like u are allowing her (gwen) to change the man u really are...
i feel so lucky
every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...
why do i feel like i know who you're talking about
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
so i just had a cappuccino but it was basically a latte and now i feel sick #toomuchmilk
i feel like a princess taking the trolley to work instead of biking 6 miles. damn average life goals af
i want to keep doing things but i feel like i'm so lazy or maybe i just don't have any will power to do it isn't it just the sa
having one of those days where i feel terrible about life in general pls advise
i feel the sharp reality more every day vote #btsbbmas i need u young forever army squad
i dunno, i feel like this was all a lifetime ago between killing poor people and north korea nuking us
.sure i shared what i feel is good in long run and what i have learnt from my trading experience
emotional abuse but wow do i feel <bleep>ing humiliated
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
it's alright girl i feel u i'm sorry z100 did you so dirty
i feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.
berair mata bro tengok ending #menantifebruari i feel you arie
yeah that, and i feel like western fandoms hop fandoms really quickly in contrast....
mourning swan queen and post con depression i feel like death
i feel sick to my stomach i'm so <bleep>ing mad
mxm i feel down now
i feel like the emoji for ted like is really a pose he always does lol
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
lol you don't think so? he was slick serving when he came back. i feel i though he is old news lol
i feel like no one appreciates the song "that's what i like" by bruno mars as much as i do :-/
sometimes i feel like i shiok sendiri ahahah
ergh just had a kid with some kind of rash itching like mad in front of me and now i feel like tearing my own arm off
saw a dude rocking a fake i feel like kobe shirt lol
i feel bad for the studs that ran into those females that don't know how to eat <bleep> because i don't have time trying teach you <bleep>
i feel like such a proud mother
i'm seeing a thread about the way dc women dress while going to work, and i don't know how i feel about it yet. it's borderline mean.
i've been letting everything go , i feel like i'm gonna freak out soon
i feel so alive with all this greenery
i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so little
i feel like i have to be higher for this mbdtf essay
woo-hoo! i'm so excited i feel like taking off all my clothes~
#dafbama2017_exo i vote for #exo i feel sorry for girlsgeneration because they're my fave gi
i feel like a refsnyder at-bat.
i might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.
i feel sorry for the boys who don't understand how nice it is to get into a freshly made bed with freshly shaved legs x
i regret not being able to tell this girl how i feel irl
i feel so bad man
i feel like i keep waking up
"how are you doing today?" "i'm here." i feel it bus lady
i feel like emailing us at rabble.editor@yahoo.com would be the best bet :)i really be attached to anything that i feel belongs to menick, what about the step-mother? i feel she's, in some ways, an even bigger problem. hope you get what i mean.i hate late reply i feel unimportantuhh thank god i left i feel even worse nowi feel like i'm dying but inna good wayi feel for women who think they're morally superior for being complicit towards a system that wouldn't spit on them if toutside: i'm happy. everything is okay. inside: i'm starting to self destruct from this sadness that i feel.i feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied bywhy do i feel like my japanese has been getting worse over the past week or so asghjdlkj i just want to be able to speak to pplmaybe i don't cry, but i'm hurt maybe i won't say, but i feel maybe i don't show, but i carei feel like united twitter beef is by far the most interesting beef and i really feel like i'm missing out.they been taking the most ugly pictures of beyonce and i feel like its on purpose lolyes def! i feel like jehannes is similar. everyone forgets about him and then i post a pic and everyone drools loli feel like right nowi feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.i feel like we living in an era where drugs and being a hoe is the wavea member you depend on most when you are sick? shownuasks a lot where do i feel sick how much do i feel sick cr. cabut its just so addicting i cant stop;;;; i feel like ive lost a few brain cells but....why do i feel like its friday?every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...sometimes i feel to blow the money i have to enjoy myself but then reality kicks ini wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about...baby baby, i feel crazy...i feel like an "i'll take care of you" is possibly stronger than an "i love you"*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loseri feel gooddone that much revision i feel like i'm cracking upi feel like this is all just false hope.. i feel like everything is going to fall apart again..i feel like a dying morbol trying to attempt fishing/hunting for pointsi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we ondawg i feel so aggressiveok legit damn stressed for dtt zzz i am too nooooooooob and i feel like there is this constant need to be good but i cant do it criwhy do i feel the need to spend my wages a day after i get themi'm starting to forget how old i am. they all blend together. lol. i feel like i should just start saying i'm 30 until i'm 35.i feel like some people travel just to post that they're on vacationhaha. i feel like i'm talking too much about it. the dramas and novels that i love can be very boring to others hihitired of trying to explain how i feel to youif you're not nigerian i feel sorry for you, because we're lit.i feel like such a brat but i actually hate not having a microwave.. so much loli feel so free hahahhmmm? what should i feel?lol i feel you girl!really sorry to read about something like this for a person whom i feel through the book is an amazing person....ghaziabad.. upi feel exactly like you. i'm destroyed. a part of my heart has gone away.i feel like <bleep>, legs feel like jello, knees weak, arms are heavy, mom's spaghetti, i'm a <bleep>.i feel like i'm short-circuitingi feel more and more that defeatism (whilw understandable and normal in the current climate) is just as harmful as ignorance in the end.i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel upset i'm playing 2k game as my career. its was emotional feeling be hurt when you lost a games.. #emotionalthat <bleep> hurts, dude...i feel ya. couldn't wear real shoes for a month!i feel like lil wayne knows something that nobody else does and we need to start building our defenses as soon as possiblei feel like you should be thanked for putting up with my lame <bleep>.....but i feel rude whenever i call someone older then me with their namenot easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #moti feel bad for your parentswhenever i retweet something, it's not always because that's how i feel at the moment, i just relate to it somehow.i feel like if we got one, colton would cuddle it too hard idki feel like i always have to hit people up first to hangout#skeemsaam yoh zamo man i feel ui feel bad for you if you slepted on mei saw the tweet and i feel like i wanna punch something....i feel like drawing out my ocs living spaces,, especially kris and torres' apartment,, it's decorated real prettyi feel so blessed, thank you god.7yo son calls back of knee: leg-pit. his junk: pee-sack. i feel like he's on to something. maybe add some pictures, find a publisher...0% shame adressing mental health if it means it could help someone else see the signs early. it's bigger than me or howi feel great i got out that b.s to creation alpha omega i'm blessed to be here right now again last time. ima m
now i feel some people irl will crucify me upside-down, stabbing my tummy with pitchfork, then roast me because of this unpopular opinion.
i dunno how i feel about hots using d.va's ult as a basic ability, but i think i see why they did it. can't wait to try her out.
idk how i feel about you putting my fate up to a poll of your followers
"i feel like you doctors are a fish out of water in dc, because you're fact based". great opening. .@chucktodd #acslas17 htt
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like i was born for this...
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.
i feel like im that type of person who'd be down to get random tattoos all the time but i dont know what to get first and i
i feel so weird not going to school
how i feel about my cultural geography class
ksoo:i feel so sad nowadays suho:u need a 'happiness' ksoo:no dont- suho:/chins up,hand on the chest/ sometimes we got
"my bass playing is the warmth and the guts. thats what it always has been and thats what i feel it always will be." h
i wish i can explain to you how i feel, because every night before i go to sleep, you are all i think about..
i think mine are pretty in depth, but i feel like other writers have much more detailed profiles than me.
i literally just want nonstop self love. this inconsistency of how i feel about myself is honestly tearing me apart.
i feel like my job should have a nap time policy. atleast two naps a day.
i feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.
i've only been back for like a week and i feel like i can write a book
''now i feel like i already have ruined it'' is that another kind of saying goodbye.....? :'(
a member you depend on most when you are sick? shownuasks a lot where do i feel sick how much do i feel sick cr. ca
why do i feel the urge to translate a latin test lately
i think i need to take a sick day tomorrow... i feel perfectly healthy, but i'm absolutely sick of working.
might go chill wit her today idk if i feel like going to moultrie or not
every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...
just when i feel like i never want to read again i make a stack of non-obligatory reading and it's actually pretty tall.
this is why i've been against the idea of <bleep>ociating myself with too many people all my life - i feel exposed
i feel like that's why they never will sadly, esp since sj is heavy on tv appearances
i try my best to not disrespect anyone. even when i feel disrespected. there's always a better way to get things done.
i feel some type of way when people can't communicate with me effectively.
i think that i'm a good friend. so when i feel like one of my friends isn't reciprocating that, i feel betrayed. and i will cut you tf off.
i feel like i have everyone's attention but yours
idk how i feel about it but i think it become a problem
mmm yeah...endgame already felt so sudden messy tbh i feel like they were just trying to wrap everything up asap
i feel a re-investigation is required. person who drinks drives knows that it could cause death: sujay kantawala, lawyer
'cause this pain i feel it won't go away
i feel insecure. i just don't show it.
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
aw now i feel bad, it's a place where you stop talking please
if i were to tell you how i feel about you things will not end well after that
i feel bummy as <bleep> rn my hair <bleep>ed up
i just feel u.... whenever i feel u.... i just miss u ..... whenever i miss u .... i just wanna see u .... do u know why
i feel like robbing somebody or fighting
- i feel your frustration. it was so evident on you were ready to counter the nonsense from harf.
i dreamed that i needed to wake up. then i woke up and i was like should i feel accomplished? bc i'm awake! kind of a
sometimes i feel energized, stoked and happy but then remember i struggle opening up because i see it as defeat and a weakness. monday.
i feel so hopeless and i don't know the reason why. it's eating me alive seriously. i've lost myself, i love bangtan i really do.
at a place in my life where premonitions are coming true and i see more. i feel more
i was in a bad mood yesterday and i roasted someone so hard and i'm not really that close with them and i feel really badly
i <bleep> with@young thug but y'all boyz tried to kill that's sour af but i feel like that sum media <bleep> y'al
this is how i feel about albuterol
babe you shut me down i feel like <bleep>
i've got years of anger built up, i feel sorry for whoever triggers it.
i feel so much better since i went to church and got prayed for yesterday.
i worry abt sophy liking me like 4days a week but she does this i feel like life's not as bad as i think
that's okay!!! i'm brazilian, so i feel your struggle!!! yeyyy!!! #btsbbmas
there's one other person in my life who i know in an always rely on and for that i feel incredibly blessed also.
1:16 and i feel goodnight
i feel like i can relate to him a lot
a three on them just this season? i feel like you just salty
damn i feel sick af
vote for the #btsbbmas top social artist award i feel like i woke up one morning and jk was suddenly a man... a
i feel like some people forget about eva's character development just bc s1 is so under appreciated
i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so little
had such a bad week with what's happened to and around me, but i feel so positive???i feel youjust called and quit my job. i feel scared but also like a ginormous weight has been lifted off my shoulders.i feel personally attackedoutside: i'm happy. everything is okay. inside: i'm starting to self destruct from this sadness that i feel.i feel so good when i have a productive dayit's a beautiful week, i feel it i claim iti feel like i need to adventure out in the wilderness for a month!i feel like <bleep> when you ignore me.why can't i feel this alright consistently???? pleasei feel like you're a designer when you're actually making your own stuff. and designing it as well.facts let alone goku being impresses by 17 and krill on is so uncomfortable i feel like it's dragon ball super reachingi feel the burn for you jibsi feel sharp reality more everyday voting for #btsbbmas this yeari always have the tendency to ruin all the good things in my life because i feel like i just don't deserve them..sometimes when i feel a little low, i just remember i'm not on a cruise ship and i cheer the <bleep> up.i feel like <bleep>, i do not wanna go to work today.that's how i feel about injustice tbh.i feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.i feel directly victimized right nowi feel: very empty today(:i feel like black girls forget sometimes we got the same hair as y'alli think he must have been going for it! i feel like he's just messing with all of us.....shout out all my confused shawties i feel ui get jealous because sometimes i feel i'm not good enough for you, and might lose you to someone better.i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.today feels like a new beginning. of what, i have no idea? but i feel very optimistic. much love and respect to you alli'm waiting for my dad like a loser and someone is playing a sad piano song in the background i feel like i'm in a music videoi feel like every morning i need to sit in somebody's coffee shop and get some work done.i feel attackedsince you left me all i feel is paini feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel exposedi feel like maybe they would but also maybe not cause of personalities....dude i feel you so hard. soggy cereal is so nasty sometimes i can't finish the milk in the bowlfinally another night on twitter. do i feel blessed or whati woke up sick i feel like shiii.paid my first month rent today i feel very proud of myselfi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like tekken 7 story won't make much sense without anna...it's kazuya alone...who is working with him...heihachi got nina ...i feel like we're inverse floridai feel so much better nowi really understand why britney shaved all her hair off in 2007 now, i feel her on an emotional leveli'm always putting others first and i'm the one who ends up hurt, but when it's time for me to put myself first i feel guilty..i feel so empty yet so heavyi care too much and i feel things too deeply, deal with it or leaveabout to score 30 today i feel it earlyi feel weaklets lean w it probably will i feel about interstellar*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loseri'm not even a wale fan but i know dude is talented. i feel like he should be a bigger star.i feel like va artists are too real for the industryi feel how i feel, i won't fight iti feel like i just started my second trimester but tomorrow is the start of my thirdi feel like kobe asks his daughters, "sooooo y'all tryna hoop or..." every day"i feel like a vampire. i hiss at people." - girl in math lab with raccoon taili feel u girlidk if its a san diego thing or a cali thing but i feel like being called a weirdo is such an insult here i do not take thai feel like procrastination is a spirit in itself. it's so strong yet so nonsensical
i feel like absolute <bleep> &amp;&amp;' my day just keeps getting worst
the new iup spj fliers have my name and email on them. i feel so official
thank u for stating the obvious! i feel informed now
"...we have a huge opportunity to win another trophy together which i feel is no less than this squad deserve..." (2/5)
i feel you .. as a fan of zayn so yeah i know exactly what you are talking about
i feel like <bleep>
so tired i feel drunk
i feel terrible
i feel sorry for my friend. that woman is crazy as hell.
this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.
i feel sorry for my future boyfriend bc this <bleep> gotta get me everything
im too shy to tell you how i feel, and i'm afraid if i ask you "what do you think of me?" your reply will be "i dont."
i hope no one ruins my mood today. i feel great
i feel betrayed on your behalf!! too sudden!!!!
i vote #btsbbmas for top social artist army squad sometimes i feel sad. but then i think about bts, and i can't help but
i might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
its just me humiliating myself because people are asleep and i feel so free
my cousin left and i feel like i'm missing something
i feel for you, i've been in the field for you
i feel my mojo coming back.
i just saw these comments on *****'s video i feel bad for laughing
as time passes i feel so low
i'm still excited about this year like i was in '16... i feel the continuous blessings and opportunities
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i scored the winning home run!! i feel amazing
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel so bored. like i wanna get out of bed and go jogging or smth but nope cant do.
i feel so cute today
i feel you! art books holding up mine. good luck!
i feel so stupid for believing anything you ever said to me
i feel like i'm being stupid but i'm really scared to see how sick he is tomorrow and what this week will bring.
i really hate that i feel anxious walking into work wondering what i'll get scolded for every shift
#btsbbmas i feel like all i do is vote for bts now, and i'm 100% okay with it! army squad
i hope too, i feel like i'll have like cancer at age 25
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i'm pretty sure i get a b in tax if i get a 50 on this exam so i feel like i'm in a good place
i love just observing on this twitter sha. many people already tweet how i feel, so i just and i do not have to mix wi
i feel it coming babe
i feel like i'm already tired tomorrow
right now i just want to throw out every car that makes a noise. i obviously won't but that's how i feel. why are toys so loud?!
lord, thank you so much for the unconditional love even if sometimes, i feel like i don't deserve it for i keep on disappointing you.
idk why but lately when i've been wearing makeup i feel ugly asf
i know how i feel but how do you feel?
tbh the way you probs felt about beyonc's pregnancy pics is how i feel about this rn
i feel for women who think they're morally superior for being complicit towards a system that wouldn't spit on them if t
i feel like an avocado today
no tea no shade but i feel nothing
okay then i feel better now
i feel better when i'm tan
when we're together i feel way better, wannn keep you forever bestie
"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel anyway
i feel like dblock 3 countin cash .. rest in peace bro
i feel like nobody is talking about it. imo we should be seeing weekly graphics telling us if the finals were tomo
exams are coming soon and honestly i feel tired from everything, i just wanna finish those exams and have a 200 year vacation.
no more sat's ever again. yay!! i feel free :d
i love using it for botw but i feel like its going to go untouched for me until xenoblade or mario come out
i look as good as i feeli'll tell you that am fine just because i hate trying to explain how <bleep>ed up i feel.hotel room with mamacita, i feel sorry for the cleaneri talk how i talk cause i talk how i feel'straight facts i feel like a whole new person now that finals are overi feel you i used to be a hoe tooyouwhen im cooking, i feel as if my body were just another ingredient in the recipe. chef david montero miguelwasted 5 days and now i feel like committing suicidei feel like ive just exposed myselfi feel the meaning behind it.. joey badass was talkin about the same thing in his new album and even kendrick in damn.i'm always scared to say about how i feel an exam went incase i jinx myself ask me again in augusti feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though."i'm sorry i feel like jello "@laurizzle_2i feel like im gonna forget everything lmao but thanksi promise you i've never been in the position to where i was the one hurting feelings. i feel so bad.me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.i feel like im waiting for something that isn't gonna happeni wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like the west is so much better because players think it is more logical to beat gsw than it is to beat lbj. see recent lowry quotesso..i'm laying down perfectly still but my heart is pumping with so much force i feel like i'm bouncing on my bed.i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli slowed my <bleep> down n right now i feel alrightvote for the #btsbbmas top social artist award i feel like i woke up one morning and jk was suddenly a man... ai can't help but to b naturally blunt, u will kno how i feel, ion hold my tongue for nobody when things need to b saidi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi know it's because of the ppl i surround myself with are so successful. it just pushes me to work harder, but i feel behind a lot of timesi feel terriblesometimes i feel like i didn't live my life to the full because i never changed bias/felt tempted to swerve lanesi dont hear a lot of people say it but i feel like it might be a time period thingmoments like this i feel like the world is against mei got a big heart.. i feel like that's gone be the death of me.i feel like <bleep> rni feel like <bleep>ing <bleep>i feel broken, shattered, and blue and it's all because of youi feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi feel drs 2 big for such paltry jobs;better as vp with spl projectnepalchinaetc... lying pos....is what he is... in our faces everyday. demoralizing us, degrading our country. i feel crazyi hear you... i feel you... i really do... and it hurts - all of us.thanks i feel very lucky indeed!im sick and tired too, i can admit that i am not fireproof, i feel it burning me.today is the day you guys i feel like ive been waiting for this moment my whole life yes, today..... *cue epic music* ii feel like i already know what's gonna happen in season 2 of 13 reasons why.. the ending made it kinda obviousi'm going to make a sign and wear it: 1. yes i'm back. 2. no, i wasn't on vacation. i had surgery 3. yes i feel better that's why i'm back.the frustrations of middle aged housewifes , i feel her pain#tattoosforshawn heyo i feel like i should do something jsjaki feel like dogs have all the answers to life and they just can't tell usi feel like i hear "don't judge the greek system by this!" a lot. maybe that ought to tell us something about the greeki'm aligned with mama; there is no hiding from me. i see it all. i feel it all.no tea no shade but i feel nothingforgot to put my mascara on today i feel like a freakwhat is the name of the painting in the background when chau and sunny are speaking? i feel like it's importantmy mouth get hella disrespectful when i feel disrespected.i feel like i also need to join some kind of community that revolves around hermit crabs, because that's all i want to talk about lately.if i feel like i'm bothering you, i'll just leave you alone. i probably be cutting my own self off half the time lmao.i feel you girli feel like i fight w myself mentally everyday i irritate myself
wow once it gets warm i feel myself becoming a whole better version of myself
i feel like deleting everything and starting over
i feel
i feel so free when you're with me
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel a little bad for this person, but they don't learn and not let go
i feel the love miss u too
it was soooo good but i feel sooo bad now baby at least we both ate the exact same thing so we got evenly unhealthy
ive been trying to figure out why i feel so bad today and i realized its the beginning of period week and that <bleep>ing <bleep>s
aside from the lip-numbing, overwhelming anxiety, i feel absolutely fine.
i feel for you not a pleasant experience hope it does hurt to much
lmao welp now i feel bad. thanks
i feel like i'm never good enough
people are talking about a shaved goro comic and i feel so blessed and thankful for i have yet to see that abomination
i followed an account because of a funny tweet they had and then realized they stole it from someone else. i feel betrayed.
i feel so far away ~ army squad #btsbbmas
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
i feel like the luckiest girl in the world u kno y because u love ver back u freak
you're the reason why i had a purpose, ever since i lost you i feel <bleep>ing worthless, i hope your life from here on out is perfect
i think i relate to masochism because it's the only way i feel
sometimes i feel real dumb for even being caught up in the ..
cosette i feel like these are ur best adopts yet omf
i feel sorry for mazwi.
hey! my 13 year old dog at my son after he put a bet on! boy do i feel like a stupid <bleep> now!!
they dont know , they see me smile but they dont know what i feel inside
so you get into unusual situations... that can be good and bad i feel you though
"cause i feel like it" as a reason for doing something
i can't help but to b naturally blunt, u will kno how i feel, ion hold my tongue for nobody when things need to b said
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel you, my house is next to warehouses and a train station. mornings are the best
i feel bad for "moving on quickly" until i remember he had a new gf before him and i even broke up
we're coming up on the full moon so i feel <bleep>ing weird like i wanna jump out of my skin
i have no concrete plans for the future and i feel like i'm getting old and !!!
i took my header myself i feel accomplished
how the <bleep> do you say 'due to my debilitating depression, i can't come into work today.' because this is how i feel today.
i feel u. i have one on wednesday
the song "i love college" was definitely written before finals week, other wise i feel like it wouldn't exist
i dreamed that i needed to wake up. then i woke up and i was like should i feel accomplished? bc i'm awake! kind of a
#btsbbmas i feel like all i do is vote for bts now, and i'm 100% okay with it! army squad
as well as a 'special thanks' section, i feel like films should have a 'no thanks to' credit.
when i look at her picture i feel the embraces we never had. i hear her laughter i never shared. i see her eyes that neve
i feel like an emotionally unstable female rn
yeah it's annoying but i feel the weird stuff coming, thanks homie
i feel good baby i feel great who cares if we go crazy
fufu, do not stare at me too much. i feel like i will turn into ash...
i been listening to tee grizzley all day i feel like i can run up on any <bleep> rn
without you,i feel broke.
after reading some of the responses; i feel the only question left to ask is "will you be wiping <bleep>s as well" lol.
alright, all done changing~ i feel prepared to go
i feel the exact same way. all the hype and tension built up in the last chapter has evaporated.
i feel so exhausted
is there a guy who can just like smush me into a ball of putty and sculpt me back into human shape? i feel like that's a procedure i need.
i feel like an old <bleep> <bleep> now i used to be so limber and <bleep> now i gotta prep and <bleep>
i feel better when i'm tan
i feel like i've had an epiphany
i feel that bts are gonna win the social artist on the bbmas!! #btsbbmas
why i feel like this .
i feel unappreciated
but it wouldn't mean a thing if i told you how i feel
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisit's funny cause i feel like i look younger than i did when i was 15???i feel so bad for some people lolyou know who i feel sorry for? the monster raving loony party - the labour party have shamelessly stolen that <bleep>le.i agree i feel blessed &lt;3no words can describe how i feel about lfk. this year has been without a doubt the best year of my life. so thankful foi feel some type of way when people can't communicate with me effectively.i feel the same way!! along with rebacca mader!!dude i feel so ... happy? considering i just got out of a lease with an ex it's weirdi feel how i feel, i won't fight iti feel like my life ain't minei feel yai really appreciate youi feel like.. okay wht nexti feel targetedsleep is often sacrificed in startup culture. i'm all for the grind too but wow i feel great after 8hrs. how much did younot so well, bus trip and rainy day, going to go see a doctor for some illness i feel and the weather ain't helping.ugh im so ready to go home you can see it all in my face i feel like <bleep>
"i feel a bit stupid for not knowing what are you talking about." he giggled.
haha i feel bad laughing but... smh!
i feel u
here's not a third of the love i feel for you
#mnf so bored of football managers saying when only 2 wins away from winning the bpl "i feel nothing" #bringbackenglishspirit #keeganloveit
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel special now.
i feel like learning to drive in florida would be the most terrifying thing ever
how's your life? i feel like you still so young lol
i feel like alex is trolling...
i feel the exact same way...
i feel. did 3 singles and got him, champa, and the agl ssb vegeta all in a row
i feel attacked
i need something to happen in my life that makes me feel important and like i have a purpose because these days i feel so worthless.
i can't breathe. i feel like <bleep>. sos.
i feel like i already graduated and i'm just showing up to school for no reason
i feel you everywhere
any time i'm in a country club i feel like high school musical 2
i vote #btsbbmas army squad i'm getting spoilers for the japanese mv from everywhere i feel so attacked
i'm not a jealous person. i've been told i don't care because i don't feel it. deep attachment is not something i feel.
can y'all just imagine how fights at got7's dorm is or used to be like? i feel like the one always ready to fight over s
i feel like i'm gonna be sick
i feel like <bleep>
i'm done tweeting i feel like islania with all these typos
omfgw, we were mutuals, and they were so nice! i feel so betrayed...
i feel some type of way when people can't communicate with me effectively.
wow, i think your energy helped out. not only do i feel better today, but i've been told that we hit our, 250,000 planting tree
i just realised it's only monday means it has only been 3 days since ep 5 but why do i feel like it has been a week alre
i feel safer in the midst of girls than boys
oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel a
i feel like such an outlaw for wearing pants during finals week
i just need a guy who can lay by the pool, drink a beer (or 10), and listen to classic rock with me. i feel like i'm not asking a lot here.
vote for the #btsbbmas top social artist award i feel like i woke up one morning and jk was suddenly a man... a
this morning i woke up to joshua crying and screaming ab how he doesn't want to go to school and that is exactly how i
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel old because i get excited when we have special k at my house instead of like fruit loops or some <bleep>
i'm not going to watch it till they release the full thing themselves i feel like it'll be better that way
i've been dying to play through the darksiders games but i feel like i should stream them. so i think that's why i'll do later.
dawwww. i feel special now.
i feel u baby. and besides, candice is an amazing actress and she'd make to a whole lot better.
whyyyy every time i work a long shift do i feel so so sick
the lyric "when i'm with you i feel like i could die" is cute but what if it also means "being around you makes me want to kill myself" !!
i feel like bounce aint that bad
the love i feel for harry can't and could never be put into words, it is such an overwhelming and fulfilling feeling to love smb like him
when ur gone i feel incomplete so if u want the truth, i just wanna be part of your symphony
oh man damn i feel bad now
i feel like casey doesn't actively try to turn players into anything though.
sometimes i feel so impatient that i annoy myself
i feel so sorry myself for people
jamie my man, did you for real log out 2mins before i logged in? i feel betrayed
are you with me after all why can't i hear you are you with me through it all then why can't i feel you
i feel prettyyyyyyyyy oh so prettyyyyyyyyyy
i feel like an outlaw!
i feel bad for anybody who fw me my girls this summer..
i feel better alone
link for traum i'm bored i feel like recruiting
people loved "how i feel" "holy angel" so much, i sounds like "yellow tape" will be another.
thank you i do love your products! very tasty! i feel like you are saving my life one meal at a time! thank you!!
i can't believe i had a salad for dinner instead of fries i feel like such a #fake
i feel like an avocado today
i feel like there's a lost skittles flavor that i used to love
ugh i need a play by play...im not even supposed to be on twitter right now... i feel like im going through withdrawl #sallyyates
day 1 of my 2-week unemployment: i feel like i'm playing hooky.
hahahaha! u know what i feel u
i feel sorry for the proctors who had to hear me horribly sight sing
that is how i feel exactly
what's it all mean when you like people's pictures? cause i feel there's many interpretations to it.
my professor just complimented my hair, now i feel bad about that course evaluation. wait no i don't
after 19 credit hours throughout the semester; i feel like i need to sleep for 4 days and only drink a case of water and a loaf of bread.
i've only been on streaming on twitch for under a week, and i feel like it's 1000% better than streaming through youtube.
omg how happy i feel, just look our amazing couple. i mean no words can explain this unique love #nihkemwhen specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i owi feel like i see a relationship before it even happens.i feel something so wrong doing the right thingi feel like in 4 days or less we will be at 200m votes!! i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awardi feel some type of way when people can't communicate with me effectively.bro i feel<bleep> i feel so lost without my headphonesi don't know whether it's the neck strain or the work itself that's done it, but i feel like i've given myself a headache.i feel like he knew exactly what he was doing army squad i vote top social artist #btsbbmasright now i feel like i only care about jughead #riverdalei feel like a college kid living off leftovers.idk how i feel about taemins hairgot damn i'm graduating from college on saturday i feel greati feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.you don't want to know how i feel.i really hate arguing. i feel like it's pointless but sometimes it's necessary.i vote #btsbbmas for top social artist army squad sometimes i feel sad. but then i think about bts, and i can't help butdespite a heavy heart, and in the midst of this <bleep> show, i feel like the universe knows exactly what she is doing.i live in nyc and i feel like she's always around the corner from meevery time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied byi feel bad for girls who have to go out with old men to get their rent paidghhhh im jst going to bed early chilling out tonight i feel so not good physically todayi feel so lazy right now, even the idea of going to sleep seems like too much work.i feel so lonelyi feel goodi'd never thought i'd ever get here at this point of my life but damn i'm so comfortable in my body now. i feel just right.i feel like don jon on so many levels in life right nowme: "do i feel like i have a fever" : "no ur just a hoe"i can't help but to b naturally blunt, u will kno how i feel, ion hold my tongue for nobody when things need to b saidi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel like i'm going thur the same <bleep>its cool but i feel like drawing is better ;)i feel like spring day was dedicated to me, therefore, i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmasi feel like my mf hearts gonna jump out my chest man. these nurses better get they <bleep> together before i go off on themi feel bad for ur bank accounts...#btsbbmas i feel like all i do is vote for bts now, and i'm 100% okay with it! army squadsee my avi an header tht how i feel bout errthangi feel like liberals haven't learned their lesson when they're declaring right-populism dead after the fn got their bestafter sleeping for a whole day until 3am i feel much better...previews: martina: why do i feel like there is a catch? sonny: cause there is! #gh #sontinai feel you cling except for twitteri feel like i exert so much effort on talking to people who don't do the same in return. sooo bye.....everyone tells me im so tiny for how far i am in my pregnancy but i dont feel tiny i feel biggod i'm so over this!!! i feel like i don't do anything. that or my opinion is ruled out. 24 days....i feel sorry for david beckham because he takes stick wherever he goes. she usually brings the kids as well.i feel like i'm the show rni don't like getting compliments bc i feel like they're never genuinefinally shaved my legs and now i feel like a brand new person. i should do this more often but i won'ti feel no shame when i block people anymore. it's my decision what i want to see on my timeline.i feel pathetic writing notes she'll never read.i keep making new accounts i feel like i'll have 100 at the end of this #btsbbmascost a bit more to get home early but with how i feel it was worth iti feel your fear, i have the fears too..see, i feel the same about your future wifeyhe is literally the most precious thing that has ever walked this earth i feel slightly better now after seeing these picdear home wreckers, i feel sorry for u and may god bless u. btw, how does my <bleep> taste <bleep>?each day and night, that ive kept this a secret, itd kill me; its time to share what i feel inside*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loseri feel like floyd mayweather in this may weatherif you didn't see wiz last night i feel bad for you
i feel like i got hit by a semi
sometimes i feel like more electric piano would fix everything
i feel so apathetic right now. life is so underwhelming. i am so dissatisfied.
i feel so sad guise. i miss my friends.
i feel that way about french xd i can read it okay but speaking... otl and hey!! i know latin too!! :d high five!
(_) i feel good today now that im getting dolled up
i feel it coming
i feel alright, when i'm trippin' with you
i feel good because i let go of what never belonged to me
idk why but i feel i'm incomplete rn
i feel like i might die this month if not this year
i feel like this can be taken 2 ways
sometimes i feel like i should give people more of my time.
ew i feel so out of place.
i feel like i'm being ganged up on
i vote #btsbbmas for top social artist army squad sometimes i feel sad. but then i think about bts, and i can't help but
i feel like something bad is going to happen soon and it's bothering me so much ):
i'm a little baby birds outside when i feel better, you from another tree! i'm watching lately, though, and smile lots for
i feel like a dog would solve all my problems
i'm not just saying this but i feel the same
yes i left my daughter dogs at home 40 miles away shopping my <bleep> off i feel absolutely no guilt about it....
slept a whole 8 hours i feel reenergized
i don't wanna make money off beef, supporting fights, guns and drugs and that's why i feel most aren't creditable when we ta
pleas i feel so sad if no on cares
i feel like that's part of his tweet
i feel your pain
i feel so stressed and so down kodwa akho kwanto indikhathazileyo.
i feel like friends been overrated
i'm way up i feel #blessed
i tell a lot of stories about past adventures when i feel uncertain about the future. it grounds me to remember all that
i feel like this question could be posed about all world faiths?
i feel like characters in game of thrones have a longer lifespan than the average millennial in politics. sad but true.
looool i feel like i havent seen sinu in a while but shes right camila sorry
i feel like i'm the one receiving them from you?
i feel so tired. how people have energy?
i feel like broad street and the city gave me a gift! #run215
i feel so weird because seventeen aren't doing anything and i've been focusing on jay mostly and i've let mingyu on a side
i feel infected by your presence
so i say some weird things... but nothing can compare to what comes out of my mouth when i haven't gotten sleep.. i feel bad for my friends
i feel so bad for asking some pump attendants to get me a liter of water.. they is look at me all confused up
i look like nsync but i feel like britney <bleep>
this video has me crying. "harry eat my <bleep>" "louis we know you're gay" and harry styles <bleep>ing followed him.
i spent 6 months at a place like this.. i quit and i feel so much more valued and loved
two middle schoolers just stared at my <bleep>. women i feel u now
i feel so <bleep>ed up all i wanted was to see you i was so happy and you just tell me not to go over .. and you won't even come ...
i feel like emma turned into a nutritional advisor in the space of 5 minutes
and my beautiful boy has completed 8 successful years in this industry. i feel like such a proud momma today :''')
i have to listen to my own songs like 7268415 times before i know how i feel about it why am i like this
whenever i rob pasta from these white people in my accommodation i feel bad, but then i remember the 200 years they spent in i
i feel like i'm dying.
ugh. is how i feel.
i feel sorry for you bitter <bleep>es. i pray yall find happiness and stop hating
#sallyyates i feel bad for you being bound by an executive choke clause.
i feel sorry for david beckham because he takes stick wherever he goes. she usually brings the kids as well.
yeeeee! i feel good! i felt like i was on an extension cord w/ those drains lol
why do i feel like i'm going to burst into tears
i am <bleep>ed up and i feel like <bleep>
if you wasted the past 10 years on two really really bad relationships, you'd feel like how i feel
i ran a stop sign once cause i saw a dog. i feel you
i've been dealing with a heavy <bleep> storm but i feel like i'm gonna be rewarded with a whole lotta flowers after, and that's worth it.
if all you look forward to is getting <bleep>ed up on the weekends i feel sorry for you .
today marks 2 weeks without an energy drink. i feel like an addict in recovery.
f u all if i feel sad all of u feel sad ok that's the rule
when i feel like it
i feel at this point time is my enemyi feel youi feel like sharing some book news soon."i feel as if i'm doing something worthy." ghadeer amarin, a pediatric #nurse at a #refugee #camp #hospital #syriai feel very alone right now.i feel bad for willianthat's exactly how i feel about the get down!!! could never get into it.i feel obligated to tweet that riff raff "summer time" vinei'm reading motivational quotes to procrastinate studying for finals and i feel like it's the thought that counts :-)i feel like that gif i've been using is the perfect reaction to me getting a commission. lolol.its fkn u tho i feel attackedi feel ya girl! what more if it's in passion? i need to see more of jeremy's acting! ahhh!#np i feel it coming - || #homeboundexpress with the craziest dji feel comfortable when i am alone.just worked out and i feel deadfather sg: i feel like being born again. see you! father jm: oh, that sinful man. his sin is making this church dirty. lmao #btsbbmasi feel the worst right nowactuality! i feel great!i feel like white jeans are hard to pull off and most ppl miss the mark.i feel like i should screencap this for later reference.this is how i feel abt dawsons creeki feel like a bother to every single person in my lifewooo! can't wait! i feel so un-newsed out :pi vote #btsbbmas for top social artist army squad sometimes i feel sad. but then i think about bts, and i can't help buti feel a bit happyeverytime i try to do things with you i feel like im actually such a pain in the <bleep> and im like "sorry for existing."cuzzy looking by looking at the pic i can tell ur enjoying uni life! can't believe ur 19 already!! ur all growing up so fast, i feel oldi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutworking at the boutique today and tomorrow. might be online tomorrow evening depending on how i feel after work.i can't stop yelling my left stroke just went viral not even sure what that means but i feel it on a spiritual leveli don't watch her show anyway.i feel awkward watching her make those stupid dance moves. i can't explain it i rather hi've had processed hair so long i feel like growing it out at natural color is a statement what's wrong w mei feel so blessed to have someone that's seen me at my worst still stayed by my sidei feel like i'm constantly working my <bleep> off for something that will never comei feel attackedi feel like it had a definitive ending like there's no need to carry it on, the ending was powerful enough and they'll takthat's how i feel about #sasquatchbae didn't work out. but i am forever grateful to him for pulling me out of my darknesschase is on the phone with his boss "i'm working from home, man. i feel like poo poo"i'm waking up, i feel it in my bonesenough to make my systems blowaudience segmentation rendered entirely through birds? i feel a coming on! #museumhouri know it's nothing on pharma tho so i feel ur pain. let's cry n get wasted sooni feel really good about my makeup today, but it looks awful in selfies. so, that's a thing.i feel sorry for everyone who can't see that their boy/girlfriend isn't good for them. listen to your friends, they love you for you.i feel like screamingggggg, and wanting some frens i don't haveit's been a tough day to say the least but i feel like such a diy gal now, show me the pliersoh mate , i feel for youthe singing scarf says " where is the love?" , here i feel a song coming on,,,,,me and are birthday twins so i feel like we're connectedlol cuz i feel like mike jack with these white socks and black sweatsi've been at the gym since 1:30 and i'm hyped i feel greati feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel their smiles on meeee...."i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel like i'm just falling deeper for you every single daymy backaches pills drug me!!!!!!!!!! i feel so drowsyas well as a 'special thanks' section, i feel like films should have a 'no thanks to' credit.i feel like he's tired of the industrywhy do i feel so <bleep>looks rough. i feel for you.i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so littlei wanted to write a love letter to sehun. i know its a little silly but i thought id try anyway its just that i feel so much when i see himlmao i feel ui have so much stress, my eyes are so dark and i feel mentally and physicly drainedi feel you need new food :) <bleep>y up half time. ask we went down a stormi feel that it's going to be a close game. city can do it though!i feel how i feel, i won't fight itabout this time tomorrow i will be walking across the stage receiving my degree... i don't know how i feel about thati text back when i feel like it.@ombrophilia are you a marcy playground fan, i feel like maybe you would bef u all if i feel sad all of u feel sad ok that's the rulei feel like i personally know every snapper to the point where i litteraly send snaps to #iwantobeatarteproyou think trump's gonna pardon a turkey this year? i feel like he's gonna slaughter one on tv just to show how anti-obama he isi feel like a new person with these browsi am not mad; too well, too well i feel the different plague of each calamity.
maybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i care
why do i feel like either ashton or luke will come out? idk i'm insane soz
i feel like my love life is finished
i wanna write a sekai fanfic with their powers but i feel like that could get complicated really fast lol
"i didn't watch the kardashians last night no wonder i feel so off balance"
justin not going? now i feel bad for jk... his one shot to fanbo
anyway, i feel i'm still not completely sold...gonna need to watch even more episodes until i can form a proper opinion of this show
i really be attached to anything that i feel belongs to me
harry's so delicate and gentle and soft. these are all the same yet i feel like i should mention each
i feel insulted. i'm black, you can check my ig; same handle.
tbh i feel really bad for his creator
#icanfeeltheburnrebecca absolutely knackered after that work out but i feel so good for it
well it's not because she's katy perry and me a katycat that i don't have the right to say what i feel and think.
getting my eyebrows done is really an experience now. i feel like i'm getting a haircut at the barbers.
lmfaooo but but. i feel fine
i feel like doing a divergent marathon
i feel like a proud mom. my girls are slaying youtube
i'm forced to deal with what i feel there is no distraction to mask what is real #topbbmas
i feel like <bleep> today. ive done nothing but get sick since i woke up. i have an interview today. and i dunno what im gon
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel a lot of power when responding to people who are very wrong and upset with cool, calm, collected responses.
#sallyyateshearing. i feel very confident the senate is doing an awesome job investigating the russian scandal! great job!!
when people argue with me over text i feel like my phones screaming at me, it gives me so much anxiety
i feel bad for people who are negative all of the time, or mad about everything when they don't realize how blessed th
i'm just hoping it doesn't become a "look, we gave the girls stuff...over there." i feel like that happens in pop culture a lot
<bleep>ing study over here! haha nah, i feel you, my g lol
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
all the people in the #mendesarmy are incredibly talented, i feel like <bleep>
i feel so good knowing that you are locked in chastity you never get to stroke that pathetic <bleep> ever again #femdom
i feel numb and emotionless and ive been sleeping and staring at the wall for the past few hours
sometimes i remember moana isn't a real person and i get sad. then i remember the rock is real. and i feel safe again.
tasked to be the videographer for today's mos. i feel so fortunate that we interviewed liza soberano. this girl is perfec
i feel you . live your life . but if you <bleep>ing and <bleep>ing then lie about it . just don't lie . it's what i don't get ?
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
want to tell you how i feel
love tonight mlb slate. $5 is nothing for what i'm gonna win tonight or you get tomorrow free. i have won thousands an
i hate it when people call me funny because i feel like i have to say something really funny again and i just cant handle
just left the range. therapeutic for me. i feel so happy after the gym and range time.
bre really just told me, you're gonna come to the gym with me, i feel like motivating someone. she's great!
what"open borders"means"something"over and over"by i feel like i'm an eighth grader at a school dance
every now and then i feel like i wake up a bit more. today has been one of those days.
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
even if i feel insecure, my heart will not leave you army squad voting for #btsbbmas
i feel like taking a nap, but i know i'm not getting any sleep.
you always understands how i feel can always sooth my storm never fail me complete me like nothing else music
i feel so stressed out
i vote #btsbbmas for top social artist army squad sometimes i feel sad. but then i think about bts, and i can't help but
i feel bad, and sad, and unable.
i feel really <bleep>ing sad
i see your heartbreak and i feel your pain it's funny how heaven and hell are the same
i feel bad for yamanbagiri; a name is a powerful thing, and it's more meaningful if you earn it yourself.
i'm 22 this year, why do i feel so old though lol
it won't be worth it when i have to grind all over again, but i feel accomplished for tonight.
me: "how are finals going?" -i feel as if someone took my brain out of my head and fried it on the stove
sometimes i feel like i'm crazy (inside)
lol. i have been thinking about it more and more, and i feel i probably won't make a change.
i feel for ya haha gonna be a lot if "i'll beat your <bleep>/i'll kill you" and "5 rings/all time record" tweets
i feel like i am being stare <bleep>d by this picture.
i feel bad for bangtan because bts is killing it #btsbbmas
i feel personally victimized
how i feel like, it's so stressful oml!!i think i said miserable and pathetic like a thousand times but i feel like that right now <bleep> the last time this happened to me was aboutwhen specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i owi feel that, it's one big reason why i can't wait to movei feel like i don't have one person i can really turn toi feel like i just cleaned your whole fuccin houseonce i feel different about u, ur donei don't know how i feel right nowi feel like phaedra really didn't mean to have what she said about kandi get out like that and get that controversial imo #rhoawhy do i feel like i should have a left hand personality?i feel like such an idiothonestly! i'm not lying. i feel like i annoy everyone.i feel painnnnnnnnn))))))):i feel so empty and lonleybecause she was remind me to my previous. but, i can't mad to her. what i feel right now is not same like her feelings when i should donah if i'm coming clean i feel like i leave to much of myself out to be seen, i wanna go away but it just might be todai feel like i'm gonna throw up...my daily actions are congruent with my big goals. i feel incredible about myself. #goals #success #justdoit #happy #enjoy #lifei feel like a bacon . ..i feel like louis looked even tinier in that big <bleep> coat. while it's just right for harrybut, see, this is what gets me. i feel like i've known so many lefty dudes who have this giant chip on their shoulderi forgot to put on my ut class ring (along with all the ones i wear literally every day) and i feel so weirdif you want to get married just so you can get out of your house, i feel sorry for you lol (not if you have family problems elol this weekend reminded me why i'm not a drinker it was a blast but i feel look like total craptoday is the day you guys i feel like ive been waiting for this moment my whole life yes, today..... *cue epic music* ii feel people forget i'm 19 years old and i can make my own decisionsw eye cream i feel like i'm deceiving ppl bc of how tired i acc am.crazy.. i feel bad for some of the kids that's not walking with us .lmao this was so obviously i feel bad for others i vote for for the top social artist ayou all are my tweets like your life is on the line i feel softeuuu thank youuu i love youuuuuu my army squad spread thei've been consistent in my working out schedule. i feel amazing nothing like a good sweat!!i feel that way about bobs burgersi can't even explain how i feel anymore.this boy just told me i had pretty toes i hate feet so idk how i feel bout thati feel like my mood and creativity are inversely proportional to how involved in politics i am.depends because i feel like there are varying degrees of action taken in executing harmful ideologies. mici feel like i really only have a job so i don't have to ask for $ when i'm hungrymy mate said he misses me i feel relevant hello world!!1i feel you but we gotta look good for this summeri feel like 5sos3 is gonna be very unique and different and we better get lots of ashtons solos we deserve iti feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythingi feel like a bother to every single person in my lifei feel like some indies want to make a living making games/art but don't want to admit they need to run a business and market to do that.i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happenthanks! it was a long process, but i feel like i've earned it xdi feel bad for himi feel so bad hsgsgsgsg like bich i have 37 cents in my bank acc $80 is a lot why r u spending this much on mei feel good when i talking to youi feel sorry for people that can't be content with the little things in life. happiness is a luxury not everybody got . stay blessedi feel u xd my family is the same wayim always the bad guy in every situation . i wonder do people ever sit and think about how i feel ?i feel like you're talking about the wig lol i really have dreads but thank you!i feel how i feel, i won't fight itwow i feel very hurti feel so uncomfyi feel bad for whoever dates me because i'm just an <bleep>holehowever i feel like the plans are gonna fall through since it's so last mini feel like garbage and have to go to a rehearsal i am most certainly not prepared for happy monday!i feel like something's not right about this picture...i feel like i got the best boyfriend in the world
man i feel like i met him again! i'm beside myself! lol
my cousin is very quiet and shy he doesnt do much i feel so sorry holy <bleep>
once i feel different about u, ur done
i have to listen to my own songs like 7268415 times before i know how i feel about it why am i like this
i feel like i won't be able to do anything without e.l.f. -sungmin
some days i feel super good about myself and then other days i feel like i should apply for the biggest loser
i have an inferiority complex about my superiority complex. i know im better than you, but i feel really bad about it.
i feel like i'm starting to get sick and i would rather not be sick. i blame the weather going from hellishly hot to cold back to hot
i feel like girlfriends call their boyfriend by his real name.
this new music needs to be released like now. #d6 will be demi lovato's best era yet. i feel it.
i feel closer/more in touch with nature than people sometimes.
i feel so proud of being an army!! #btsbbmas army squad genious lab
in the orient, i feel most diligent.
where's that tweet about that sarah <bleep> dating a man. i feel like crying off my eyeliner again
i am <bleep>ed up and i feel like <bleep>
every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...
i feel slightly ill
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
idk if its a san diego thing or a cali thing but i feel like being called a weirdo is such an insult here i do not take tha
i feel like playing raging blast 2
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
i feel like i wasted so much time studying for ap bio bc most of the answers are in the question,
idk i feel like clumsy infiltration reeks of unskilled attempts by people who can't decide between getting inside or trolling.
i feel sorry for ppl who don't love camila. u're really missing fluff, fun, love, heart palpitations, amazing music and a
i hope you understand how i feel when this bad one suddenly tries to stay with you
i feel numb :(
one day i feel like im gunna post a video of me ******* on my main insta story instead of my finsta skskdmdnc
even i don't even know what my own hand writing is, i feel like i write my letters different every time
i played jenga and card games with a stranger at sunset for 3 hours today and i feel like my life is attic stranger every day
today i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of love
this is so sad.... i feel so sorry for u omg....... get well soon........ :(
// it's nice seeing all these new accounts, i feel like surp may finally be reviving for the summer.
the bright side of all this will come soon , i feel it.
thomas pynchon is as old as lear today. i feel that the fool's jokes are about to get extremely meta.
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel like i got batista bombed
i feel like going to sd or palm spring this weekend
i feel bad for the town's ppl, but i couldn't stop laughing! sorry y'all.
if i tell you how i feel can i <bleep>
yeah. i can understand people not liking them but i feel that some people go too harsh on them for no reason.
there's a cat that always comes into our garden and i just gave it a cuddle and i feel a whole lot better about life
i realized today how liberated i feel. high school is ending, i'm about to go to college, i'm doing what i need to do. life is so good.
why can i feel the happiness from every memory we have... straight torture
i feel you. i can't diet to save my life
i feel like poop
im always the bad guy in every situation . i wonder do people ever sit and think about how i feel ?
i'm holding in so much rn and i feel like i can't let it out bc it'll create more problems
i feel like i just ate it just by looking at it, and i feel terrible.
i feel better when i'm tan
anyway i've got a plan for this week and then for the rest of the month and i feel pretty good about it so hopefully i can stop crying
i feel like i've been angry crying for 2 days straight
didn't know what streaking was until i told her, i feel like a teacher wow
i feel sad for poor tshepiso hle...... these 2 thugs didn't even share a puff with her!!! #harvesti feel so guilty cuz my mom made me an amazing lunch and i don't think i can't eat anymore my tummy hurts too much ejlrmsi feel nauseous, maggie passed on her illness to meeven when i feel stuck in a situation, a blunt always help me look at new things in a new perspectivei feel very fortunate to have grown up in close contact with nature.i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel thisi feel alone loli feel sorry for youcurrently the palest i've ever been and i feel beyond rank tryna hold off tanning just yet so it's fresh for friday is too muchi haven't actually drawn gieegs in ages, i feel like things are going to get a little bit wild....i feel the need to buy a pipe, a smoking jacket and sit in the corner reminiscing about the olden daysi feel like i'm the only person in the world who doesn't have to be mad to be rude. insulting is like breathing for me.i can't help how i feel i'm just keepin' it real they can't have you girlwhen i think of something sad, i feel like i'm uselessi wanna make somebody son feel like how i feel when i listen to love songs.i feel like a bother to every single person in my lifejust got asked for 5 hours of video coverage for $200? i'm a photographer and who tf works with that kind of budget. i feel insulted.i feel summer creeping in i'm tired of this town again#theisland aran i feel you mate..hats off to you! #keepgoingwalked to nob hill instead of driving and i feel so good (:this album will be all that i feel and everything i don't want you to know about follow to support #lowbornei feel like such a flop bcs i'm a flopthe ukrainian cleaning lady did a great job not only cleaning but also moving stuff around in my airbnb. i feel like miranda in satc.i feel like ppl looking at me crazy cause my face lowkey still swollen.last episode if you're fiza, which one would you like to pick? yup, so difficult to make decision in preggy i feel you #meni feel sorry for ppl who don't love camila. u're really missing fluff, fun, love, heart palpitations, amazing music and ai feel like it had a definitive ending like there's no need to carry it on, the ending was powerful enough and they'll takj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel like i'm from the past and the future and idk how that's possible but somehow i know it is.i feel like if someone really cares about you they will like you regardless of whatever stage you're in your life.i ain't to hard to tell u how i feeli saw you at ghastly and tbh i feel like you're gonna be 10000x mother weirdwhen i don't eat, i feel like i'm dyingi feel dark hair looks better i'm regretting dying my hair ughi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel you everywhere ..i feel like atsushi would eventually tell her to quit it and they can make breakfast together so she can get enough sleep....you don't have to speak, i feel... emotional landscapes.i am in charge of how i feel and today i am choosing happiness!!and sometimes i hate myselbc i feel like i want this to happen?? but i dont??i thought we were in love i feel so betrayedi feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi feel sorry for my feminist sisters, they're so obsessed with the freedom of european women jin k izzat srif bed tk mehdood hai. #copiedif the show is renewed i feel like colin would be in the same boat as tom mison, stuck w/out the partnership that madei say this every time he's on tv, brad guzan is the worst keeper in the premier league.i feel so sorry for boro fans, ydude i'm so lost i feel so dumb i thought it would be like acrylicsman why do i feel like in any minute twitter is going to turn into 2011 twitter.i just got black soap in my eyes and i feel like i'm dyingi feel you b. ion really vibe w his first album too hardwhen i feel down, and nobody around me i touch my heart and smiling. super junior is here, always and forever in my heart.today is the day you guys i feel like ive been waiting for this moment my whole life yes, today..... *cue epic music* ii feel ya. here's to hoping things look up for us soon! we got thismy fridge is full with healthy food i feel like finally i got my <bleep> together and ill be fit again ajahauwiqkqlqpqppqi'm now watching masterchef. i feel offended by the lack of food on a plate.i lost my brother to cancer 5 years ago. i feel your pain. we have to remember how special they were to us. xi feel like lil wayne knows something that nobody else does and we need to start building our defenses as soon as possiblemy heart beats a yearning strong love i feel deep soul and find me for you are my darling my one and only please sharei feel like everyone is doing warm tones so cool would be suuuuuper refreshingi feel this! but once its done you'll feel much better for it!! same goes w photos and old convos and stuffregistered for my 3 summer classes today. i feel accomplished #blackexcellencei just want to be a stay at home wife mom but i feel like i would go <bleep>ing nutsi feel bad for him. bex may be stuck, too. lana bobby can still walk away from this mess if they want."i feel like i just smoked a spliff with jesus"i wish i could have the exact same high i feel from acid but without 10-12hrs of it. like a mini trip. a staycation ifi feel like i've been real selfish lately and i really hate that.i feel so blessed by harry today
if you didn't see wiz last night i feel bad for you
when specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i ow
i don't never tell her how i feel but the way she look i can tell she want me!
it seems some people don't know how to be anything but angry. i feel bad for them i really do
that's how i feel like if you're trying to be a bad <bleep> on the gram idk why hate i
i feel so sorry for girls that get gross messages from guys cause i get some gross <bleep> messages from some yall n now i empathize
have you got any men with baby pictures? i feel my ovaries are spent.
i feel so bad for the guy doing my toes right now. it's been years...
i feel the worst i've ever been this week i just want to be alone <bleep>x
social media makes me so anxious! i feel so sorry for young kids growing up with instagram thinking that's what the girls
i feel sorry for my streaks
i want to hug you so tight until i feel your heartbeats
i feel like i'm the only person in the world who doesn't have to be mad to be rude. insulting is like breathing for me.
i feel you, charlie.
i feel sharp reality more everyday voting for #btsbbmas this year
lol i feel that. i'm kinda in the same boat. see where the wind takes me lol
i feel like i'm always working.
i feel like for sociology tomorrow methodology , male marginalization coming idk about module 3
i feel so bad for her... having to deal with these idiots.
every time i feel myself getting mean i rewatch cinderella (2015) and the princess bride and i would like to invite everyone to do the same
after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks will
i really enjoy helping people.. i feel like that's my purpose on earth.
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
how tf do girls mess with their friends bfs? i don't even follow my friends mans cus i feel weird lmao
when i'm using microsoft products, i feel i am using a prototype
the disgust i feel when i look at my body never seems to outweigh the love i feel when i look at a cheesecake
i feel like .. if you in a relationship u carry yourself a different way. can't do the same <bleep> you do when you single
me: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel better
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i feel like falling into myself
i feel like an avocado today
i feel like i should have low expectations and be prepared to look at a coconut in the forest
i feel as though i was deceived, i never found love in the city i just sat in self-pity
i feel like the wh is a nest of albatrosses.
i feel you there! i have a good 20 books in my queue so far
i feel like women who molest young boys aren't talked about either and it's real out here.
i ate a <bleep>y double crunchwrap and now i feel like dying
i feel another tattoo coming soon
i feel unappreciated
i feel the wh asked gop senators to ask about #muslimban and not about russia. this is turning into a joke.
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel ya! been there done that. keep it up!
i feel his heartbeat against my cheek, as fast as my own. are you afraid of me, too, tobias? terrified, he replies
fair enough. well i feel just the strike force and centre mids need to be improved or better yet replaced
i feel yu boo and what y'all doin this weekend
austin need shoes again.... i feel like i just bought some damn shoes
b.a.p is like a medicine that affects to my soul. i feel happy!
honestly i feel terrible in my skin and in my mind.
i feel like death
you chase away the dark and draw the sun to caress my skin just beyond my reach but i feel its warmth i see the light and
day 1 of healthy eating and i feel like i'm starving to death
i feel honored that this man spoke with me tbh
i feel you from the floor to the ceiling, baby i feel you when you comb your hair
i feel like <bleep> i've been in bed all day bc my body hurts im still forced to come in to work
i feel more like a citizen of the internet than of my own country.
i feel so far away army squad #btsbbmas
i feel so helpless sometimes. nobody gives a damn. i swear to god people won't change their actions until their house is under water.
i had avocado for lunch i feel like an instagram model
i know i feel so alive
i was hoping it could stand in its own but i feel like thats impossible
that looks painful as it is i feel so sorry for youtoday started off super terrible but thanks to one of my sweet friends, i feel so much betterwhen specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i owi feel like crapi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel bad for bangtan because bts is killing it #btsbbmasthanks ! i feel like a healthier version of 21 and a lot more fabulous!i had an awesome workout today and i feel great. happy freakin monday everyonesometimes i feel that some of you are not the sharpest pencils in the light socket.t's so funny seeing girls randomly tweet "lol" bc girl i feel you what did you just see who you wanna fight what he dowalking 50km just to buy bread i feel sorry for people in eastern capei feel bad for making her cry...bae: "i feel like eating pizza" "my sub has expired" "when are you taking me out" "i need new cloi feel like <bleep> omg"his brain, i feel like i want to open it up and take a peek inside."i feel sharp reality more everyday voting for #btsbbmas this year"i feel your skin, i smell your damn perfume" #philly #love #keepitcorrect #theyhavealwaysbeeninlove #yri feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.i feel like john cena, all my diamonds aquafinai feel like i'm running on thin icei never developed those abilities. when i face an obstacle, i crumble and bash myself on the head till i feel better, then walk away.hey girl are you a.desk set from ikea because i can't pronounce your name and i feel s,upid about that.i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. turn uponly due to ellis going much deeper into hills films that i feel maron might.now you see how i feelhaving a panic attack about everyone hating me is gr8 bc i feel like i'm wasting everyones time by simply breathing : )as per usual i came in fuming from work, so dad just instantly started feeding me chocolate... i feel better nowi feel like t cope is my daughterkinda scared to give it another chance coz i feel like whenever i decide to give someone my best efforts, they take it for grai told myself i would <bleep>ing go to bed like an award for not loud enough until i feel so much for the greatest risk - the globe and mail.i feel you. i just call dudes daddy when i think they're <bleep>y.if i feel you're being short with me ima give myself a hint stop textin youi feel heartbroken im not ready to say goodbye to emma swani voted for #bbmas top social artist award #btsbbmas i feel like tony montana bang bang bangi feel like buying the tesco value version of everything, is the only method of me saving money.mfs change like the weather, i don't speak on how i feel cause you never know anyone's true intentions w/ youmy name is cat and with tha kit in front of stall we lyk to sit i feel her tongue i say meow i have a fren herim watching josh play overwatch and i feel like so much stuff that tlist talk abt makes sense nowso it's my birthday tomorrow and i'm not sure how i feel about it. i thought i'd have my crap together by now.i feel so uncomfortable i keep moving around my bed and i can't <bleep>ing sleep can someone please come and punch me in theexactly! i feel the samei had my mayor drop 500,000 bells on the ground so that i could log in as wonho and pick it up and i feel??? good????????? and dirty.i feel a lot better. only got just under 7000i feel like if anyone figured out what this meant they'd die instantlyis so adorable in this pic i feel like i'm having a heart attack hope to see the hd soon amazing photo byi feel like al right now. #venting #shepersistedi feel tired nowi feel like slapping somebody today#littleboyblue has been brilliant. i feel genuine hate towards the actors, that poor family. completely broken for nothing.social media makes me so anxious! i feel so sorry for young kids growing up with instagram thinking that's what the girlsi feel like deathit's only tuesday and i feel like i had the longest week evercause i don't wanna and i feel sicki feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing metbh there are so many people with understated talents at my school i feel bad for them not getting the amount of appreciations they deserveehh i've just had a horrible day nd i feel <bleep>ty:- thank you for caring bbyi feel so bad for my baby sister all she talked about was graduatingmy hair looks like actual <bleep>. i need my nails done. i need new glasses. i feel and look like a foot.i feel like dying when you are sad. when youre in pain it hurts more than when im in pain begin i vote fo
i feel u
think i will just stop w the <bleep> talk i am sorry. i am not meaning to upset you. i really get confused if its ok is it not ok. i feel
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
not sure how i feel about following the child actors from my kids' favorite shows, but odd squad is quite awesome
yea ok i just spent the last 45 minutes reading about this and i feel sick omg
it's a beautiful week, i feel it i claim it
social media makes me so anxious! i feel so sorry for young kids growing up with instagram thinking that's what the girls
boarded a plane and overheard pilots discussing rap battles so i feel pretty good about the flight.
i feel bad for andre i literally just call him when im mad to go off and he just listens
no one can get in the way of what i feel for you!!!
leahy: do you feel you've betrayed the doj? yates: no, i feel like to do anything else would have betrayed the constitution
i feel like my mom asks me to go to the grocery store with her, not to buy me food but so i keep her company
i feel like telling black men "your mother is a black woman" when they call black women ugly/roaches/monkeys is ineffective.
no matter how hard <bleep> gets sometimes or how scared i feel i would never ever do this to my man that's my whole heart.
was feeling depressed that an army tried to lift my spirits up, i feel touched i vote top social artist #bts
no tea no shade but i feel nothing
i wanted to wake up to play, so i drank mountain dew. now i feel horrible. wtf soda is terrible for you. how do people li
'what doesn't kill us makes us stronger' or so i've been told yep; i feel #stronger so #happy i could cry #cozimworthit #goswans
can't describe how i feel but i'm freaking over it
i feel like i'm constantly waiting for something that isn't going to happen
i feel like i'm the only person i know who can't pull off snap backs
i feel like having three mental breakdowns before 5 o'clock should be concerning.....
i feel defeated after taking that anatomy final
what is it? why do you like my edits? sometimes i feel like new gen editors are better than me lol
i feel like if i walked into the house and saw congress legit roasting people on spits, i'd just say "seems about right."
i feel like i'm gonna pass out from all this anxiety
why do i feel fonton will take more than one shot of this "buran tashi"? and then, the" lorry" will overheat and cause wahala.
you too? sorry man, i feel you.
i feel so empty
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i'm not gonna let others opinion dictate how i feel about an individual and our relationship
i feel you on that , &amp;&amp; on me that's why i just stay to myself daily
i feel like i have to reiterate for all the people that have liked this since, i'm not white.
i feel like <bleep> when i don't workout. i mean i also feel like <bleep> after i get done with my workout but it's a good typa <bleep> you know??
m so sleepy but i feel so <bleep>ty.
i still don't like that bro said <bleep> duval, i take offense to it cause i'm a native so i feel like you saying <bleep> me too..
i know i feel like tony montana i know i feel like tony montana i know i feel like tony montana vote #btsbbma
i feel like a lava lamp
11:11 i wanna leave, cause i feel like i don't belong here.
my kickstarter finished in january. still getting the spam now. i feel your pain.
lol bc i feel like i'm on my death bed and i have a test in an hour that i've barely studied for rip me
i feel like the worst person ever
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i've been with since friday and today is the first day i'm not and i feel so lost
i feel so blessed that you're in my life.
i feel like there's a big difference between telling teachers they can be creative and telling them how to be.
i feel like the whole clique knows each other, and me, i'm like "okay. i know myself, it's already good." lmaoo
vote for the #btsbbmas top social artist award i feel like i woke up one morning and jk was suddenly a man... a
i feel like some really big blessings are coming my way soon
did you feel the same way during nixon? uptight and nauseous all the time is how i feel. did it
i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so little
im sobbing what is this bs i feel like a proud mom someone stop me i vote for top social artist award at #btsb
out of body. that's just how i feel when i'm around you shawty
"talk to someone, i feel like that's the first step." conversations are key, great to see the benefits of art therapy t
i feel so pushed to my limit right now
i feel how i feel, i won't fight it
i feel like i'm bothering you.
yates: no, i feel to have done anything else would have been a betrayal to uphold the law and the constitution
i feel like one of my friends doesn't like me anymore i'm kinda just waiting for them to change ***** **** i won't be surprisedkzkzk
i feel like posting a bunch of pics of me n my baby
man my grandpa tryna find an rv on craigslist i feel so bad tho bc no one puts their phone number and he's horribly dyslexic dhsghd
i feel like actual shiz
i just want a hug i feel horrid
i feel like yes- for both unfortunately. heaven forbid us women talk about our natural body what it does.when specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i owyou stay strong, i stay strong, you feel sad, i feel sad, if you're happy, i'm happy, if you die, i die. love is a strong thing...once i feel different about u, ur donei feel like every time this girl says "i'm just super busy all the time" she really just doesn't want to talk to me :/hey, anyone how i could get a copy of stitched for his daughter? i feel like they'd enjoy it.just when i feel like i'm doing everything right i <bleep> around and mess <bleep> up againbbmas is over.......every western artist will look so dumb i feel bad for anyone performing after btsbah, depressing stuff, guess i needed to vent, i feel a little better tho i've been at a standstill for almost a week nowi feel can't wait to be backgod i feel like someone took that chemical your brain secretes when you're sad and injected like a gallon of it into my bloodstream <bleep>i feel terrible for asking all the time, just gunna get the ball rolling...#helpwhy don't i feel like myself?i had to.....hoseok is so fine.......have i made that clear enough i feel like i haventi feel so empty.i feel like my brain is about to explode"how little i act depends on how little i feel at the moment, so . . i don't really have a fixed little age."i feel like famous dex communicates like a pokemon but instead of saying <bleep> like "pika pika" he goes "dexter dexter! uhlol yes i feel the same!!excuse me but they're <bleep>ing gods i feel weak for everyones thats gonna see them, intl artists are gonna be cancelledevery time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...i need your love i need your time when everything's wrong i feel so high i come alive i need to be free with you tonight #ellie #calvini feel awful.i feel super <bleep>ty but what's newso sorry, only saw this reply now for some reason...? i get your point but i feel like the criticism in that case is pretty mild.i will never apologize for the level of passion i feel for the song celebrate me home. i also only know four of the words.i feel how i feel, i won't fight iti deleted the #facesoftheclique tweet bc i feel so ugly lol yaygetting water full back to back takes a toll on my little belly .. i feel like i'm about to burst openi feel like absolute crap, i miss my boyfriend and i still have to go to work. i hate monday'swhen hana was helping me get into monsta x she was sending me pics and little facts and when she sent minhyuk she said "i feel like you'di'm not 100% but i feel like there's a gated little dog park in kb at the park on k ave/end of dowi've got a tanline on my finger where my ring sits after a weekend painting the garden furniture. i feel like a dad.boy the sh*t i went through, took like two years to get over. i feel so much better nowi feel so sorry for this young black man who is having to wheel around a decrepit old white dude in a trump hat. his patience is supreme.i feel like the emotional equivalent of rotting foodi feel weird...i feel like a lot of people are into politics bc it makes them feel smart not because they actually have compassion for those around themi feel like a proud mother rn i'm crying floods #btsbbmasgot my hair braided today, i feel invinciblei feel like she's going through a lot or something is bothering her. she just seems to be acting stfirst time i feel attracted to a "bald" woman!i feel like france kind of deserves to get the statue of liberty backi feel better now but legit earlier, my cramps were about to send me to the gravei could start fires with what i feel for you.i feel like i can be the best gf ever until you <bleep> me over once and then i'll just be evil until you decide to leave me lmfaoi feel like once i've said it too many times , ima just go lefti feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel mentally violatedi didn't <bleep>ault once on stage this past saturday, so... i feel like i'm truly evolving as a performer.i feel so bad.i just want to online shop, i feel like <bleep>that's how i feel looking down on newcastle united in the championship.. happy as a pig in sh!t...#utbi could have picked draymond, but i feel he would run away lol. he is so good.ooops. i just tried to load up now i feel sad. :(i feel 10x better after praying.i feel like cryingi feel like we're missing out on the good life without onebut this is how i feel...odottemita makes me happy so i don't know if it's enough for me to just dance for others to "help" themvan a asistir a los billboard i feel blessed i vote for top social artist #btsbbmas army squadlmfao who is that guy i feel bad for himi don't need someone who constantly tells me they deserve better when i feel the same loli feel better when i'm tani feel more like a citizen of the internet than of my own country.i feel like we kind of gloss over the fact that superman wears underwear outside of his pantsdear home wreckers, i feel sorry for u and may god bless u. btw, how does my <bleep> taste <bleep>?i feel really lonely.i just met allen iverson! i feel inspired nowif a <bleep> fckn wit me i feel like he should b thankful that he got me!lowkey wanted red with black rims i feel like that says a statement
listen i totally get what it's
i have one last final tmrw and i feel like death.
i feel you
i feel like i ought to make saffron and sage a bit weirder
i feel like will just fanboy over all their faves that they will see at bbmas
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel this
having a root beer and it's past 4 and i feel really rebellious because usually i don't drink any caffeine when i work early the next day
i call my mom at ungodly hours. mostly to talk, vent and find inspiration. i feel lighter after talking to her.
good morning i feel like sleeping again
i feel like personally threatened rn?
every time i see a pic on fb in front of the princeton fountain i feel rly homesick haha
i feel like i'm going on a first date im so anxious this is pathetic
i feel like being active again.
i've finally got out of the mood/habit of baby shopping but i feel like i want to again
as soon as i feel like i cba with work i remember that i could be enjoying exams instead and missing out on extra michelin star food :)
thank you i feel like a real adult
i feel like this is partially due to the fact i'm introverted and kinda awkward until you get to know me
if you're upset about being single today, just know that i feel you and that we can get through this together
i feel like ive reached a stage of desperation
this is the world that we live in. i feel myself get tied
i feel like there's an easier way to open an envelope
i feel like you're mad. maybe you should smoke.
i feel like nothing. no self confidence, no motivation, nothing. i just feel like i am here taking up space all the time.
how i feel about having to wake up for this ap bio test knowing i'm going to get a 1 because i didn't learn anything a
siri: i'm not sure what you said there poet: i said why do i feel ashamed for being smart
i feel like teenage emotions might flop
i feel like people be trying me
i hate that i'm aromantic though because there are people that like/liked me that i feel bad that i couldn't feel that back :(
every time i see a picture of post malone i feel like i can smell him through the photo
right with you on that. i feel "loveable curmudgeon" sums him up nicely.
nah i feel u
did all my homework i feel accomplished
i wish i hadn't packed up my running shoes. i just want to run off my feelings. idk what i feel but i don't like it.
it's hard not to want to punch kennedy. i feel sorry for my former state that this is what they got instead of mary landrieu.
careful gaspar, i feel blind alley is approaching. the lady is not for turning! it's in the blood.
i don't feel beautiful, dear. i wish i could. i feel strong, perhaps attractive, but i fear i'm losing that by the minute.
omg you are looking forward doing the music video of this will be so great i feel and know it . i love you
i feel like it will be a little awkward but it'll be okay i vote for as top social artist for #btsbbmas
can y'all just imagine how fights at got7's dorm is or used to be like? i feel like the one always ready to fight over s
billboards confirmed bts are goin to bbmas and bang pd nim confirmed 15 minutes later. i feel so blessed im motivated #b
i feel like 2016-17 are the years americans found out about kpop and made them blow up lol
i could start fires with what i feel for you.
i feel bad
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
it's like.... when i feel lonely.. that's when you start actin choosy..
i hate being away from him . i feel like i need him 25/8 idc idc
i feel like i'm dreaming i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
therapy working my shoulder muscles i feel the getting stronger
i would say how i feel about yates, but it is a classified opinion that i can't collaborate on.
our data team is looking into the #'s but i feel that's a steep fave price on the road after a game like tha
god damn i feel like complete <bleep> right now
this improved my day by at least 40% thank u i feel blessed
every time i see love paint era jonghyun i feel so attacked
at this rate i feel like nobody understands me anymore
.@garybarlow .@howarddonald you two need to join the dundee girls on a night out. i feel we'd have a ball! .@gibronay h
i recall andrews and his brother being awful. very dependable lineman for a few years but always hurt i feel
i feel like i'm bothering you.
i'm not playing games. so if i feel like you are.. you gots taaa goo .
when you're gone, i feel incomplete
this is the worst feeling, i feel like my heart is slowly breaking.
i'm so annoyed.. i feel disrespected
i've changed my clothes because i put dance jam on the calendar...i feel like such an adult
haven't been able to go back into my house since it's happened and they're all staying at my house with me until i feel better.i feel youi feel like if he don't own hasn't owned or plan to own a cadillac he just can't be minelol i feel goodout of body that's how i feel when i'm around u shawtyi made the mistake of attempting to read the nirbhaya verdict. i couldn't read beyond a few pages. i feel nauseous. sick.the dumbing down of scottish political debate is highlighted by this tweet. i feel sorry for those who have been misled bi feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armi feel like i'm always the one reaching out. always always always. i'm tired lolits so strange, deciding, how i feel about yaokay don't hold me to this but i feel like dunkin iced coffee could cure almost anythingi feel like a <bleep>ing burdeni am proud of how productive i was today considering i feel like death.it's been really hot lately and i don't normally like the beach but i feel like goingi feel like imma see 2pac in cuba with a fake handle bar mustache and a horrible accent like marlon wayans in white girlsi feel so conflicted when i see wise, inspirational content alongside an avi with <bleep>s.i feel as if i could get through to a deaf man in a verbal conversation more than i could with a democrat.im too shy to tell you how i feel, and i'm afraid if i ask you "what do you think of me?" your reply will be "i dont."and i'm moving on.. sometimes i feel alone #velvetrevolveri feel sick wow.like no matter what i say or do i feel like everyone thinks i'm a <bleep>as i am cooking dinner listening to music this songs are really speaking life to me and are saying exactly how i feel. feeling goodif you a real one <bleep> a or fav, dm me and if i feel that you genuinely <bleep> with me i'll follow you back an add youi feel it in my bones this summer gon be real <bleep>yevery time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...never thought i would really enjoy physics, it's the only unit i feel prepared fori wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutwhen do you start?! i feel the same waylate night thoughts: what is clara currently doing in the whoniverse? i feel like i need a spin-off series in my life.i feel so bad about iti don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli feel sick ughi vote for for the #btsbbmas i feel very lazy todayi feel sorry for half of france. they could elect a new government, without knowing the dii feel like my phone aint charging :') it's been on 38% on the charger forever nowi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel so awful for leaving her but i know it's for the best.what i like about myself is that if i feel like something is toxic for me i'll leave with no hesitation no matter whatwhen she forgets her innocence i feel the rain evergreen taking over my woods she's growing in me i can't wait #micropoetry #museinlovei feel so bad for her... having to deal with these idiots.i feel so unprepared but also like i cant do anything else???? like i think ive done as much as i can but still feel like i should do morei feel like the emotional equivalent of rotting foodi feel like crap just wanna be cuddled upi feel like imma see 2pac in cuba with a fake handle bar mustache and a horrible accent like marlon wayans in white girls .ngl , i feel like it's b/c you man are the promoters why this is blowing up already you know. gyaldem glucose. #gyalcthe last few days have been killing me mentally. i feel so drained and blehi feel much better now that i actually have something to rejoice for so thanks bts for existing once againi have a snapchat streak with my 10 year old cousin and i'm not sure how i feel about iti feel bad. to show my regret and remorse, when you choose to throw hands, i'll just let it happen. no resistance or retaliation..@chavelua you're on a roll today, putting some words out there that i feel in my soul needed to be reminded of, thanks for thati feel bad for acting like a <bleep> but if that's the way you're going to treat me don't be surprised when i do the samei feel like a bother to every single person in my lifei feel like a new person every time i order from victoria secretit's past 5:30 on a monday night i'm not at work??? i feel so weird...i feel snap rant coming onbecause i feel that that would be me if someone ever confronted me about stupid things i've done/my problems"nuclear war now" and "maybe we should thin the herd a little" is how i feel toothat's exactly how i feel about people who wear glasses, like the world is just blurry to y'all? like it just be out of focuswowwwww that is beautiful so i feel very flattered.i constantly try to understand and accept how other people really are but i feel like people don't always do that when it comes to me...i feel so tired bc of my exams but i really miss you tbhi feel like im on the verge of tears already #q100liami've had girlfriends who've lived in the worst kind of banbury-road house. i feel her pain.i feel this....spirituallycuz i feel bad for people who doesn't have their life so pray for them every dayi dont want to feel because i touched.... i want to touch because i feel... problem is, i am not easily enchantedi feel bad for the students that took the physics testi feel stupid for ever letting myself get close to someone.i feel v sorry 4 the ppl not making money from it. that is a health hazard sack the politicians. they're useless obviously.everything just feels so much better,and neat and organized.i feel so relievedi feel so good today.
i feel a nap coming on
i feel so alone
if it helps, i feel the same way and i think it's just the absent feeling of not being wanted. it's not your fault your feel <bleep>
but now will admit russia was involved? i feel as if he still will try to deny
sometimes i feel like i'm not good enough..
~seven i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist award i feel so blank right now :')
i slept through both physics tests and let me tell u, i feel rested!!!!!
i feel like after the concert i am more obsessed with than i already was .
i feel for mauri #60daysin
i feel so good in this outfit, friend.
people <bleep>ume i have my whole life figured out... i really don't and i feel like such a failure at times.... well most o
i feel like the sott music video was just a way for harry to guilt-free fly around on wires and pretend he was a bird
i feel like i don't swear anymore
i feel like the clothing line af has been played out by now, but they keep holding on.
i feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.
.@bts_twt i feel like jin today, but what can i do? my fandom is the best and i'm voting for as top social arti
whoever she going home to i feel bad for that <bleep>
idk in some circumstances i feel like anorexic is a bit of a insult
i smoke to much i drink to much i feel like i'm gunna die, i'm anxious man i feel like i lost my mind #sdk
i feel like living on any college campus would be awful
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i feel really good, and normal for once but i know it's just fleeting cause i'm about to run out of drugs
i feel like is slowly becoming my new favorite youtuber...... don't tell ash.....
90's babies had all the good cartoons growing up i feel bad for this new generation of kids. y'all cartoons <bleep>ty a
lol i feel like it's actually not a big deal but why the <bleep> not, twitter is boring anyway
i feel like my life is just a constant cycle of me putting myself out there and being rejected
i feel like jimin is reading the articles of them going to bbmas asking if it's real
it's hard not to want to punch kennedy. i feel sorry for my former state that this is what they got instead of mary landrieu.
what i say: i'm fine what i mean: i feel an uncontrollable sense of love and empathy for everyone and that's why being
i feel sick....
i feel sad
ion text 24/7 i feel like that's for children
i feel bad for everyone downtown or close to commerce city!
i feel like <bleep> when you ignore me.
i feel like no one used reeds prom filter lmao
whoa.. that's a cute <bleep> i feel proud
lol i knew somebody thought that. i feel y'all though
woooow the ceo and regional managers know me by name here, i feel special
honestly i feel like those have to be the most honest lmao
just learned that my best friend is going to be a mom and suddenly i feel so old
sometimes i feel like nothing
i feel like the turnovers recently have become more painful to watch tbh.
oh gosh i feel like <bleep> lmao
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel like dying light will still be better than it but we'll see.
everyday i go to work i feel so f-ing lucky because everybody is so f-ing nice and cool and there's #n
i am way too sensitive. i feel so broken when i'm not invited to something
can't say i feel bad for you. you were fine w people losing health care as long as it was other people. now you will los
i feel disgusting every time i eat more than 500 calories
as well as a 'special thanks' section, i feel like films should have a 'no thanks to' credit.
idgaf abt who uses whose wifi bc both campuses and schools <bleep> and i feel deeply uncomfortable on both campuses thanks
today i've been running on a mix of coffee and ibuprofen... i feel dead. i need 10 hrs of sleep.
i hear you bibi. i feel like that trying to get my head around twitter #cblive
if i fail, i'll fall apart, maybe it is all a test, cause i feel like i'm the worst so i always act like i'm the best
i feel horrible
i feel like lil wayne knows something that nobody else does and we need to start building our defenses as soon as possible
i feel like post, quavo and rich chigga will actually make a mariachi remix to congratulations.
sometimes i feel pain or pain meds make me crave sweets.
i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas today we fight when i feel like ive lost m
i feel like a proud parent because bangtan got an official bbma invite i cant believe its happening!!!!!!!!
i'm finally home and i don't feel like <bleep> anymore just tired. so pretty much i feel normal
i feel it in my bones this summer gon be real <bleep>y
how do you look your children in the eye? you're just so pathetic; it's sad, i feel bad for your family.
this really is a relieving input. i feel great whenever i read your tweets and now this. thanks bryan. i really appreciate it
i feel like emojis speak a thousand words
i feel like im forgetting some people
my mood is erratic heck i feel like i could flyi have been blessed with the greatest humans in my life. i feel so blessed every day. damn.i feel jipped cause i have a 7 no portrait mode.. otherwise i'd be feelin myself toogirl i feel you on all of thisi just ate so i feel like myself again.there are a lot of days where i feel like i'm not enough, but my workout socks are telling me i am so i guess it's fine loand i feel like this year is really about, just the year of realizing realizationsi feel itgorgeous darling but i feel u should have taken that top off !!! <bleep>xxxxxxmuch unless i'm invited. and i feel embarrassed because i'm unable to refuse eating food i can't when other people offer and+you turn 17 in a month idk how i feel about thatif i don't kick this uvulaitis by tomorrow i'm going back to er even if i feel a bit of pain.if you put me onto some new music, i feel like i've made a special bond w/ u.thank you i feel the same wayi feel like i'm made of steel.is it too hard to find a love where i feel safe and intensely attracted to? i want that passion and security.i feel so lonely lately like i have no one to talk to because everyone just tries to shut me up with one word answersi feel so bad for taehyung all those girls gnna try n hop on his <bleep> the minute he gets in the building poor guyi feel like famous dex communicates like a pokemon but instead of saying <bleep> like "pika pika" he goes "dexter dexter! uhi vote for the #btsbbmas top social artist award. i feel yet aliveit just hurt i was like oh ok sorry for bothering you i feel like she hates me and gets so annoyed with me while i love her no matter whatevery time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel awful.how *i* feel about my dad is irrelevant when it comes to consequences for *his* actions. i love him, but he had to pay. snot bc it hurts just bc i feel like when it disappears so does my dignityi feel bad for the people with no ac in they car <bleep> that loli feel so pumped up but not the right timing lahhhh!!!my supervisor knew we're all hungover and just said "i was young once. i feel yall"me: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel betteri feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi've written comedic stuff all my life but i feel like there's a side of me that loves a good thriller/dramai swear 98% of the time all that's running through my head is adore delano's voice saying "i feel <bleep>in cool"i feel personally attacked by thiscan y'all just imagine how fights at got7's dorm is or used to be like? i feel like the one always ready to fight over si don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feelin fairness you would literally do anything for media exposure. i feel sorry for you if i'm honestthe anger i feel when someone disrespects my friends is 10x stronger to when someone disrespects mei feel ya loli feel like rewatching jersey shore and pinpointing the people of kwehi feel nauseous i got a headacheeven with so many people around me, i feel so alone and emptyfor the first time in my life i feel confident enough to wear my natural hair and a bare face in public without feeling ugly #spoke to one person all day and i feel happier than everso ya...i didn't book...they chose someone else instead...and i feel like <bleep>idk i feel like friends shouldn't let friends be union-breaking, term-limited "teachers"as well as a 'special thanks' section, i feel like films should have a 'no thanks to' credit.i feel likw by the summer harrell will be traded.i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somethini feel guilty eating factory farmed meat but dq' s chicken is sooo good!my problem with finals is when i study i feel like i know everything but when i get to the test i feel like i've never evehow i feel about that: x 1 billioni feel for women who think they're morally superior for being complicit towards a system that wouldn't spit on them if tthank you. i feel a bit better now but need sleepi always feel the need to watch every <bleep>ing second of any video i see of tyler / josh otherwise i feel like a fakeamazing. in this hyper-educated town, i feel like i could pick random people off the street, and they'd run the country better.kot4q let us now if you ever play again i feel like i could challenge you easyi feel better when i'm tani feel like im on 50 xansi just wish i had motivation when i feel like giving upi made a dndsona also, they're a glam tiefling warlock (though i feel like they're the coolness equiv of a team skull grunt) hi feel lovely the way that i ami feel that tech cycles mainly consist of new companies forever trying to make the kitchen computer happeni don't think i feel very well. in fact, i'm certain of it. i feel quite discombobu- bobu- bobu-.and i feel im gonna be judged if someone gets up in the middle of the night hhhhi feel like i got to much to lose i'm not tryna anticipate all that <bleep> <bleep> ! i'm on defense
i feel like i've been seeing a lot of people that i haven't in a while and just scaring the <bleep> out of them bc they don't recognize me lol
i feel the same way except with volunteering(or volunteer training) instead of donating for
no one asked me to put my life on hold but i feel like since everyone took care of me growing up i have to help them and be there for them
told my momma i got my first personal property taxes bill her: me: that's exactly how i feel who taught her how to properly use emojis
i feel it mane. im nervous for it.
i hate how lonely i feel i hate how im 2 paranoid to open up to any other female...even talk 2 a female im interested in.
i feel like every time i gai a little weight, i lose it
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i feel strong their pain, their hunger for justice and freedom.. the darkness of the night is broken by their resistan
anybody that knows me, know how i feel about bird <bleep>! the fact that a bird was about 2 ft away from <bleep>ting on me
coming from you, my crush? i feel fulfilled
so caught up in my own <bleep> that i completely forgot it's gage's birthday tomorrow and i feel terrible
i feel a but coming
out of body, that's just how i feel when i'm around you shawty.
i feel so huge all these <bleep>ing rolls
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel very the 1975 at the moment
river is attacking me and i feel so hurt
sometimes i feel like i need to have someone with me explaining people what i mean, maybe jenna would be great for the job xd
i feel like doing something
i feel like there's a blue beetle pitch in there, somehow.
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel like there should be a ratemyprofessor but like for frat boys
i feel like nini hates me fhejr
when i tell someone that i'm graduating in a week, they immediately say "congratulations" to which i feel weirdly offended and confused
i have never struggled this much with a subject i feel so incompetent i hate you internal medicine
two days after graduation i feel like a soccer mom taking my brother to all of his activities
sheesh. i feel like i been gone forever lol
oh , i feel a lot of sadness
#btsbbmas i feel like all i do is vote for bts now, and i'm 100% okay with it! army squad
i've been eating healthier and exercising and not drinking pop but i feel like it's not helping
when i touched the piano with my small finger i feel so nice, mom i feel so nice i voted for at the #btsbb
i just read about a 17 y/o girl who was a life guard, that died by electrocution in a pool, and i feel so anxious suddenly.
i feel like there's something they aren't telling me! #finalfantasyxv
something big i feel it happening out of my control
i feel like you and nolan coordinated your tweets.
i feel your pain. keep the faith. sending love to all of you <bleep>
i feel so proud of them. so, so proud!! they deserve this and more!!! they are going to take the award, they are going
i feel resentful that so much of my time this year has been spent thinking about donald trump, one of the biggest loser
we all have planks in our eyes and we get angry but i feel like if we don't have some passion for th
i feel dead.
i feel like i exert so much effort on talking to people who don't do the same in return. sooo bye.....
i feel for
okay i still feel sick so i'm going to drink tea and sleep i hope i feel better i have to study for my eoc ):
i feel like a hero wheres my cape
sometimes my feelings don't b hurt, i might just react cause i feel played. i still dgaf, but don't try to play me g
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i feel like a re-heated pasta bake - holly edison 2k17
i feel like rewatching/rereading bsd
i feel like i need more info about the contents of that burrito??
i feel so used...
i feel like i'm going bald and i'm 17 idk man
i feel better when i'm tan
i feel like i always have to hit people up first to hangout
i am making a roast chicken for dinner. i feel like a real adult.
i'm only rt'ing you because i feel sorry that you have to be in church today
. i feel no shame to praise jesus name -- please retweet -- .
gonna take a nap and see how i feel. possibly stream after.
when the black families lose on family feud i feel like i took an l tooi really be attached to anything that i feel belongs to mei feel as if my whole world is crashingi feel so happyi feel your struggle don't worryi feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armi feel better when i'm tanjanice turner in today's times nails what i feel about zac goldsmith standing to be my mp in richmond park on june 8th...but something strange deep inside of me is happening i feel unlikei feel like iti feel like we could expand on the transmog yak and add a barbershop on top, just keep adding things and making it taller.can you believe, whenever i'm sick (especially stomach pain), i watch got7 videos (any video), and literally i feel nothii love harry so muc f i feel like im going to explodjr whatever i did in my past life to deserve such a person i'll just never understandi feel attacked so much istfgme trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.im so tired i feel drunki feel stupidwha-- whats my name again? i feel so attack rn. i vote for for top social artist at the #bbmas! #btsbbmas [cttpoi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel the aryan in my blood it's scarier than a bloodi feel like my brain is gonna explode outside of my headwow, i think your energy helped out. not only do i feel better today, but i've been told that we hit our, 250,000 planting treei feel like a pile of <bleep> these days?i feel like .. if you in a relationship u carry yourself a different way. can't do the same <bleep> you do when you singlei don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli enjoyed a lot of characters. but i feel like the character development of percy and annabeth was lackingtake a <bleep> <bleep> i feel like scar facei feel slightly concernedi ain't putting up with no bs you gonna hear how i feel whenever i have a problem not letting nun slide fohi feel like i spend at least 75% of my spare time signing my kid up for sports.i was totally joking about the car being stolen. i feel bad now manlove when i feel my heart break a lilevery time someone makes a joke about vegans, i feel compelled to tell them i used to be a vegan. i guess it never goeshow do you even get that last name. how do you say yes hello my name is... <bleep>ming. i feel for that guy he must get made fun of a loti feel their smiles on meeei feel like sometimes we don't want to admit that we've fallen out of love with someone when nothing is wrong with that... it happensi feel like someone's trying to hurt meidgaf how much i fwy, if i feel like you doing me wrong i can go without you. easily!!! it's a pride thingi feel as though girls aged 12-16 now are honestly the type to say "i only do <bleep>, because i'm saving myself for marriage."finally listened to my mom and powdered my primer before my foundation and omg i feel like my life is a compleaye i feel you tho cuz nobody know who it isgirl i feel like making a new insta account should i use or can you think of a better joan pun?i feel like <bleep> todayi feel like a part of my soul has loved you since the beginning of everything. maybe were from the same star... #sei've been going for awhile now i feel it's a waste of time . them dumb exercises are not helping me .i feel like my whole life is a difficult situationi feel like this weather is having fun playing with my emotionstry, should be an award for not loud enough until i feel so much for the support, people like you are the ones that....i feel like everyone that grew up in miami went through a molly phase lmfaooooi overdosed on meds today...i took a smooth 7 ibuprofens but i feel gloriousi feel like i see that too often.why do i feel like my life lately is just an episode of one tree hilli feel this so hardmy head rlly pounding rn and i can't even finish cleaning bc i feel so bad :(i feel like i've been sleep all dayi feel like it should bealways i keep my feelings to myself cause i feel like no ones gonna understand me but mei feel like foreigners come to america and expect to be amazed but the only surprise is that the mcrib is back at mcdonaldsi'm sorry i feel so ungrateful at people who care about my health and well beingdont know how i feel about thati hate when i don't know how i feelaww i feel like there's more deserving people. i just want harry to notice me lmaoi feel envious of all french women
i feel like he really likes her but relo cant work btwn them bcoz both r short tempered and too proud...
i feel good but i could be doing better
this is how i feel about a new kirby game
i feel like turning this account to a kinda professional account then make my pr into a new account where i can interact with ya'll
i feel good if i get my computer turned on with volume!
lately, i feel as if emma forgot she even had a son. she's paying so much attention to hook, it's so sad annoying.
i feel like a bee expert after the ap bio exam
i'm so tired i feel like i'm about to pass out
i feel like the fact that you're asking the mets fan base to rally around a <bleep> perfectly sums up the mets franchise.
so they're officially doing a second season of #13reasonswhy. not sure how i feel about that. but i will reserve judgment until i see it.
hate when i feel like i've been at work for 5 hours but it's only been 30 mins.
living in helper is good and bad. it's a nice little town, but damn i feel isolated from the things i wanna be doing
i feel so bad
so i found out undertaker and kane aren't even real brother and now i feel like my childhood was a lie
i feel safe with #sallyyates. i feel safe with i feel safe with
some have 2 houses, we can barely even pay for our mortgage sometimes. only my close friends know because i feel embarrassed. pathetic.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
relembrando aquele versiculo da biblia: i feel like i'm tony montana army squad #btsbbmas
i feel like i need a <bleep>iness consultant
i feel like famous dex communicates like a pokemon but instead of saying <bleep> like "pika pika" he goes "dexter dexter! uh
"kiki's house of ho's" was an actual answer on family feud. i feel as a society....we really can't screw things up any more..
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like i try super hard to be chill and normal when i'm talking to someone that i think is cute but it doesn't work at all.
definitely have learned a lot this year. i feel like a new me
outta body: that just how i feel when i'm around u, shawty...
i feel weird when abbie doesn't message me for over 5 hours, is she dead orrrrr...
idk why i feel too energetic today, i'm scared i'll end up being lethargic
another day, another 10km..i really need to calm down and stop walking so much, exhausted doesn't even describe how i
yes i feel better thank you
i feel like the storyline is val and alan fight to win normani over but she chooses bonner instead. i feel sick.
i feel like you would do this for me
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel like sports teams should be publicly shared in the stock market.
i feel sad for people that are so miserable that they can't let others be happy
and i feel like i know who's over the page
lololololol some days i feel like flipping over a table like he did in the temple
i feel like trump could just tweet, "not uh" four times a day and it'd essentially be receiving the same "information"
my name is cat and with tha kit in front of stall we lyk to sit i feel her tongue i say meow i have a fren her
i know your lifestyles a slow pace, i like that but, right now i feel like my life's a boat race
i feel like a god
a lot of yall creatives be stealing but i guess u gotta get creative with theft so i feel u
if you run weird i feel like you don't have any real friends
just pumped an elderly woman's gas for her, i feel good :)
same here. but she had a legit great season. i can't take that from her. i feel kinda bad about her struggles.
i literally don't know brian at all. i thought his favorite mayday song was black cat and that's his least favorite and i feel ashamed.
i got 3 a's 2 b's, i feel like im dominating college
why do i feel aches all over all of the sudden please lord i don't want to be sick
i am voting for for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas i feel so nice mom i feel so nice
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
now i feel like going to target lol. #btsbbmas
today is the day you guys i feel like ive been waiting for this moment my whole life yes, today..... *cue epic music* i
i feel like i'm waiting for their first mini album before like dedicating myself but they're nearly up there... they're almost there
hannah went through all of the cabinets in my kitchen and i feel both violated and closer
i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas
i feel the high speed faceplanting would result in excessive injuries.
oh god oh god i feel like i upset david
social media makes me so anxious! i feel so sorry for young kids growing up with instagram thinking that's what the girls
i b straight chillin at my job to the point where i feel like they could get rid of me whenever cuz they don't got <bleep> for me to do
i feel like i'll never not want roasted potatoes.
i'm sorry i feel so ungrateful at people who care about my health and well being
i feel good. any black single moms struggling extra hard this month? fridge looking bare? lemme help a bit. imma open m
i feel you oml !! aaaaaaaa congrats :d
i feel so violated !!!!!!!
hit 40,000 followers today and i feel just as i did when i hit 100 deeply resentful of every single person who has morei really be attached to anything that i feel belongs to melike wow, these are the good days. i am here and i am happy and i feel alive.i feel like rey mysterio is among the most under-appreciated wrestlers of all-time.i feel like the older i get the uglier i'm gettingwhy do i feel like ive been on a schedule even though im on break loli feel like that's been your perpetual face in regards to me visiting for the past 4 years lmao.it actually makes me sad to think that i won't be a teenager anymore. i feel like my teenage years have been so boring and such a waste.i feel empowered with your music #btsbbmas i vote for for top social artist awardi feel lika a proud mama. army squad i vote for for top social artist award ai feel very sadi feel like their notification system has gotten super unreliable in recent months. not cool! super frustrating.sometimes i feel like ppl just pretend to like me, is that weird?i feel like joel is deciding what pic to postin that instance i feel serena was 100% wrong and maria 100% right.tells me to hold her phone so i do , and i feel it vibrate and that's when i saw some texts from some <bleep> othi feel like famous dex communicates like a pokemon but instead of saying <bleep> like "pika pika" he goes "dexter dexter! uhfeeling like the 4 i feel fantasticembarrassed by your actions, i feel like i'm in grade school againno but really i'll do it but i'll do it when i feel good enough to focus on doing iti'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like <bleep>i feel like i just love a huge variety of things! #music #gaming #generalknowledge crime documentaries, science, #sportsi feel some type of way when people can't communicate with me effectively.sometimes i feel like making a new curious cat cause i hate scrolling and seeing the hate that one anon left me.i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli wonder if justin still posts stories on his snapchat i feel tortured just thinking about iti'm honestly not a fan of the whole "female superiority" rhetoric because i feel like it's excluding trans women.i feel targetedi feel kind of uncomfortable when i let a not so close friend follow my private when they dont have a private for me to follow back.. loli feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi sat down at a table first and then once they all arrived at class, they sat at a different table. i feel like <bleep>,i feel good. any black single moms struggling extra hard this month? fridge looking bare? lemme help a bit. imma open myes, that is me in the weeknd's video for i feel it coming.grateful fixed the sparking cable. i feel so at peacei feel you but we was lit tho. good looks for lettin me ride wit u fam..been asleep all day n feel like <bleep>.. i wont be on the grind today but if i feel better tomorrow i will!there are days i get down on myself and i feel like i won't amount to anything and then there are days where i want to take over the worldwhy does everyone say that? i feel like a snail when i run.i feel you hahahnow i feel bad for talking this way xd goddamit, she has a nice body but we're not the most compatible pair. there, tha"thir...i feel thirsty.... !"i feel like i'm the only one that listen to my musici love my piercing so much i feel so cool n nice n now i can't wait for tattoosi've got years of anger built up, i feel sorry for whoever triggers it.i feel like i'm ooomfy looomfy's very own personal idiot...also it's been 10 hours since i drank it and i feel like i'm levitatingi still stan leathermouth frank but i feel guilty about it cause billieif ur in high school and still give a <bleep> about what people think, i feel sorry for u ."what happened though? i feel like an i've block..."all the sudden i started sneezing, and my head hurts, and i feel like i'm getting sick and i can't handle this.i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we onand i feel like this year is really about, just the year of realizing fakesi think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so littleevery single day i feel like i don't want to be here a little morei feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we onwow i feel stupidnow i feel like making a rocky racoon-ish songi'm so nervous for this game tn like wow i feel as if i'm gonna nervous vomit #pensi feel more like a citizen of the internet than of my own country.i feel alive when i see bokutoif i feel like your ignoring me , i quickly remove myself. cause i don't play that <bleep>now that we are united in looks, i feel like i've accomplished a little peace on the tl.i feel like i go to movies often enough that i don't really feel the need to see trailers.i feel so overwhelmedexactly the picture describes how i feel!!!once i feel like i'm forcing you to talk to me i'm really gonna distance myself and if we don't speak so be iti feel like everything is awful in their own way
i'm hype to walk into that broadway show with my skinny jeans and converse and panic t shirt, because that is what i feel comfortable in
damn i feel it bro
i feel like i'm more like to shout "follow your dreams cautiously. go into that cave, but bring a survival pack and a rope"
why do i feel he'd be unhappy if given a unicorn and a bag of candy?
what was i on lol i feel like i have no time now
i feel like my body has been perfectly carved to fit up against yours for the ultimate cuddle session.
i spoke to the devil today and he swears he's not to blame and i understood 'cause i feel the same
idk how i feel about this layout oh my
i feel like going to uni in kyungsoo's all black concept because he's my boyfriend <bleep> off
hit 40,000 followers today and i feel just as i did when i hit 100 deeply resentful of every single person who has more
thank you though i feel flattered
i don't know how i feel about this clinginess
me too i feel sad and happy
i feel like me getting sick the day i left school for the summer has to have a deeper meaning
i feel safe with #sallyyates. i feel safe with i feel safe with
i see you're going through a hard time and i feel like i should hit you up and see how you're doing
also i should do an unfollow spree one of these days bc i feel like a lot of people has me muted or something
james brown makes me feel good all the time. that's my medicine when i feel emo. funk is medicine.
the legs are hiding from the blanket hanging down! haha i feel like i'm floating though. it's soooo much higher lol
my gender identity and <bleep>uality both have me feeling like im on the cusp of the lgbt community and i feel like i need to be "more gay"...
taehyun said that he wants people who see him dance to feel that ah so thats how he interprets the song and i feel li
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like <bleep>
i'm watching that now and i feel like he's doing it cuz he dont <bleep> with akademik
on top of everything else going on i feel robbed of the chance to witness her historic presidenc
i feel betrayed lmao
i'm blem forreal, i might just say how i feel
i feel attacked ..why you so handsome hoseok! i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist
i feel bad for the girls who steady fall in this boys trap, may god help you
i feel as though i'm the only person who hates cereal, french toast, pancakes, cinnamon buns, and mac cheese
sometimes i'm about to go on a retweeting frenzy, but then i remember i have friends who have my notifications on i feel bad for them
vote for the #btsbbmas top social artist award i feel like i woke up one morning and jk was suddenly a man... a
i was able to get my mac to quit running the fan at full speed 24/7 today and i feel like a genius
when i wear glasses i feel cross eyed lol. the freakin struggle!
i feel like i need to live blog me listening to this.
is knuckles the dad favorite i feel like it's just him and all the older dads out there
i feel so greasy but i gotta finish a thing
i feel you girl. haha
i feel bad for everyone that sees me at school or just on the week days and not on the weekends because i never dress n
nene is funny but i feel like she's gonna get annoying quickly. kim seems like...a lot lol.
favorite place to be is under my baby literally, i feel so much better once i see his face
stop posting this i feel like i can be exposed u creep
i feel bad but my friends bore me. i wish there was someone whom i can have more intellectual and challenging conversati
i feel for you
took my extensions out and i feel like clare balding
i feel people is be bored.. cause ya can't price people things!
now i feel like going to target lol. #btsbbmas
can't say i feel bad for you. you were fine w people losing health care as long as it was other people. now you will los
i feel bad for france, but it's their fault. terrorist attacks are definitely going to be frequ
whenever you get pregnant you'll understand what i'm talking about! i feel bad for my bf sometimes but i can't help it
this lady sitting in the seat in front of me in the bus, writing her <bleep>ignment paper on the go, i feel your pain.
i feel like i can't really trust anyone.
i have an inferiority complex about my superiority complex. i know im better than you, but i feel really bad about it.
i feel like i haven't been myself lately ..
i feel as tho beauty and the beast is more fitting and callie can be a little red rose haha
i feel like i give too many chances.. that's going stop tho
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel like he had more to offer yknow
i feel sorry for that child...to be raised by a nog. no way she has both parents and acts like this toward authority. htt
i feel better when i'm tan
i feel like i should try something different this summer. maybe go up in a hot air balloon or something .
i feel that
i feel it in my heart every time we kiss
mariah acts entitled like she earned the mariah show or something. i feel like she could go focus on something else.
i feel as if i've gotten into some strange relationship with g, when we're constantly going for food together holding onto each other
it's so crazy how one situation with one <bleep> really changed the way i feel about and deal with <bleep>s. unfortunate butno, i don't feel sad anymore. i feel nothing right now.:(((( okay bye im gonna cry now i feel the tearsi made the mistake of attempting to read the nirbhaya verdict. i couldn't read beyond a few pages. i feel nauseous. sick.thanks for the follow - i feel smarter already!passive aggressive when we texting i feel the distancesometimes i feel that some of you are not the sharpest pencils in the light socket.i feel ya girloh i feel so inspired today~ bts give me strong! i vote for for the top social artists award #btsbbmasi feel like i'm the only person in the world who doesn't have to be mad to be rude. insulting is like breathing for me.i feel invincible. try touching me, i'll disperse. i trust no one, i'm the prefect example of betrayal. as anyone l ever trus(also le okay is exactly how i feel about justin trudeaus policies, so bravo, elle.)a funny thing...someone recognized me at work as being black and i feel. goodbts will be the real royalty on bbmas red carpet, i feel so weak so imagining it. <bleep> they will shook everyone with theiflorida is so humid so i feel confident that i won't diei wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.i feel like throwing uphonestly im a perfectionist when it comes to school like i always try my best and it <bleep>s when i feel like i did bad on something.i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need something..i feel ravenous every morning!i feel quite blessed. gorgeous!i feel like i've trained you so welli haven't eaten anything today and i'm stressing out over everything and i feel really sick and today is not a good day for mei wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like i'm to real to get playedi feel like i have 1 friend, who i'm not related too...tbh, i feel like life is just going good or maybe it was just today but i can get used to thismy first year of college is almost over... damn i feel oldi feel like absolutely <bleep>, and i hate having strepi kind of want it so much that i feel like it won't happenbithc i feel this so hard oh my godddd i lost count the amount of <bleep>in ausyeah i'm blessedt with that i feel for y'all thoi've been sleepless at night.. 'cause i don't know how i feel, i've been waiting on you just to say something real.j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel like i'd be great as a cartoon character but as a real person? nahi feel u man i feel ui feel like spring day was dedicated to me, therefore, i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmasi feel like just because i'm black, i need the best of everything.shsgkjdhsk nvm i feel dumb now otlwhen i be mean to my baby i feel so bad afteri feel like this is all a bad dreami feel like working hard at yt to get subs is better than using money by doing giveaways to get subs, but whatcha gonna doi feel they are borderline abusing the females on the show. evil barry is abusive to caitlin and by making iris helplessi feel like i've been under a rock for 3 days, smh.i feel like <bleep> i wish my brain would be nicer to me i feel numb i wish that i could feel somethingif gender is on a spectrum do i get paid between 0.77-1.00 depending on how i feeli feel. i leave friday and probably won't start packing until late thursday night because i hate doing iteveryday i go to work i feel so f-ing lucky because everybody is so f-ing nice and cool and there's #ni feel so sorry for that little girl that shes gotta be raised in a household with a punk like you im gonna be praying formeme rap wave already started in my opinion but i feel like it's getting categorized as mumble rap for now... how u gonna go chill with 3 black <bleep>s at like 3am then go lay with ya bf i feel broi put myself under constant pressure over the littlest things. when i wake up i feel like i didn't even sleep.(why do i feel like this?) bum bum be-dum bum bum be-dum bum #premiosmtvmiaw #mtvcolabrihannai think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so littlehow can i feel so <bleep>ing lonely with your hands on my heart?.@garybarlow .@howarddonald you two need to join the dundee girls on a night out. i feel we'd have a ball! .@gibronay hi feel how i feel, i won't fight iti'm the type of person that hates texting people first because i feel like such a bother.ugh do you remember beirut? i have so much #beirut stuck in my head and i feel like nobody likes me.i feel too bleh to do anything but not bleh enough to skip school tomorrow so i have to get stuff done anywaysim honestly just very happy rn, like <bleep> is not right nor nowhere near perfect but i feel so free im so happysome girls have to talk about others to feel better about themselves. i feel sorry 4 ui ain't trying but i feel like i need time to work on other stuffare sally yates posters a thing yet? because i feel they should be.2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouragedi feel better when i'm tani don't know if i can identify as an african american. i feel more like a "bitch i might be african american but you brok
kelly just watched the tom holland lip-sync video twice in a row, then said, "i feel safer now. i don't know why, i just
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel privileged to have played hacky sack with a bum named heckler in ca.
i feel you girl
i'm really sad to say i'm not a fan of flipnote studio :'( the screen is so tiny i feel constrained on my 2ds
i feel like the only teenage girl that is not extremely needy like i don't need to be around you 25/8
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i feel slightly better now, that was not a good mental health moment. i think i just need some care and attention is all d:
i feel like i'm slaying rn. damn lol.
youre not even mine anymore but why do i feel like youre being taken away? #btsbbmas
what about my feelings? what about how i feel ? doesn't anybody care if i'm hurt or not ?
i feel like lemmy in his last days tonightwhen you feel that you grow older and older and there's a <bleep>ing en
i love myself deeply.. and i feel so blessed for those who surround me
i feel like i'm going to die when hyung is sad. army squad. i vote for the #bbmas top social artist #btsbbmas
everything is happening at once. i feel overwhelmed and stressed but i feel so entirely blessed for these accomplishments in my life!
i feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.
i just named our crippled fish "lieutenant dan" and i feel both exhilarated and horrible
" i feel the most beautiful when i read ".
i feel like the true test of adulthood is successfully folding a fitted sheet.
i feel like <bleep>
i feel like lil wayne knows something that no one else does and we need to start building our defenses asap!
i feel that continuing to call you a toddler is offensive to toddlers. offensive means you've offen.... never mind. grow some hands.
i feel you t!!
smh i feel the same way about quavo
i didn't do my brows or put eyeliner on i feel naked.
i feel like i'm really from the hood when i listen to young dolph
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
can y'all just imagine how fights at got7's dorm is or used to be like? i feel like the one always ready to fight over s
i feel like making rap/hip-hop beats
just wish he knew how i feel about him
i feel like <bleep> rn
i've been a human for 22 years and it's really only now occurring to me that i feel better in the morning if i shower
i feel like trump is in the white house and your angst over that makes it so much better! your salty tears make my
idgaf how much i fwy, if i feel like you doing me wrong i can go without you. easily!!! it's a pride thing
i feel you. #preach
thanks babe, i'm about to get ready so hopefully i feel a little better after then we can smoke and eat bombbbbb
i feel so sick rn and idk why
i feel like going vegan was the best thing for me. the food i've been eating lately is so tasty.
bryan stopped at the house just to kiss me before he went home after work . this is why i feel like it's been weeks when i don't see him
i feel so much better.
i've been studying all day, i feel like i'm dying.
just found out i only have to go to 2/4 final days i feel so #blessed
i feel it or a hit
i feel like lil wayne knows something that nobody else does and we need to start building our defenses as soon as possible
i feel as if elena understands me in a more personal level, we have the same mindset on certain things morals y todo
i feel like i'm that kinda person that's just there like i don't really do much but i'm just around kickin it
out of body, that's jus how i feel when i'm around you shawdy
i feel like swimming in any murky body of water in florida (or just south in general) is a really bad idea.
i feel guilty for what i'm thinking, but i can't help it
i feel more like a citizen of the internet than of my own country.
i feel bad for you, truly.. having to hop from boy to boy just to have a friend
i feel like bartending tonight
i feel awake again. so much to do. god, i'm here, use me!
whenever i feel weak, i'll remember those who made me strong. whenever i start to doubt myself, i'll remember who believ#imthatgirlfriend who catches a dry attitude when i feel as if i don't have your attentioni feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armdear phone, thanks for being there when i feel alone and out of place.this custard e-liquid is so good i feel like a little toasty bun :3ever since harm joined i haven't really did <bleep> and i feel bad, but there isnt much to do in sacred anywaysright now i feel like courtney love's fetus in 1992. not you francis, you made it out ok.#lhhatl i feel like the mom comes first before the wife .i feel safe with #sallyyates. i feel safe with i feel safe withi feel bad for everybody who has a terrible advisement bc mine is incredible i love all of themsaying "men go off temporary emotions" please <bleep> do not speak for me. i'm grown. i know what the <bleep> i feeli feel sick thinking about what happened to her. feel scared to go out there's so many awful people aboutthe way i feel about the #french is the way #robertobenigni felt when he won an #academyaward 4 #bestactor in #lifeisbeautiful. sendingi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel dead tired. and its that time of the month for me.everyday i go to work i feel so f-ing lucky because everybody is so f-ing nice and cool and there's #ni feel inspired to draw owo. i got some new copics today ! i only have 19 because they are so expensive ;-;i feel bad for this girl bc she thinks she's talking to this kid but he's low key embarrassedi feel like i can't breathei feel like my hoe about to make a comeback fierce af....when phil came he said give it five years. why do i feel it may be 10 yearsi feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythini know, and i feel the exact same.idk how people cannot be confident about themselves like everyone thinks i'm ugly and i feel so hot like i'd date mei feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi feel like human slime now and i regret making plans to socialize.i feel like so sad :(because i feel that. i feel that a lot.i am! i'm glad you are getting back to writing i've been trying to work on some ideas. i feel so weird.i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happenalso how i feel about spamevery time i feel myself giving up there goes god- i feel like if i sigh loud enough i won't have to take this examand i feel like these are our more calmer accountsi feel judicial watch is working harder than sessions at times to go after the swamp people in obama admin. hoping they cani've been napping all day man, and i feel so tired. im also extra hungry.i feel like quavo and offset constantly fry takeoff at every given opportunityi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel like headley needs to make a better throw. there was no rush and holliday is not a first baseman.i feel like i'm gunna be destroyed by this fic if i read iti don't know why this upsets me so much! i feel like we have all been lied toi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi've been on the low i've been taking my time i feel like i'm out of my mind..today has really been emotionally exhausting, i feel like i've experienced all stages of grief in a few hours, just not atman i feel like i'm being played with like some damn toyi feel good. any black single moms struggling extra hard this month? fridge looking bare? lemme help a bit. imma open m*flexes the muscles of my thigh against your <bleep>, moaning softly as i feel the wet heat of your arousal*actual lyric from the episode, "inside she feels she's dying", is also an accurate description of how i feel right now.i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we oni feel like making out w someonehi i'm still sick and i feel awful make me feel better plz and thanksoh yeah i feel you bro. those <bleep>s annoying afi finally started magees project/finished it now i feel a little less stressed about life
a3: a common 1st person pov mistake is telling instead of showing. delete as many as possible: i think, i feel, i see, i sm
blame bandito's for how i feel lol
no i feel you
i feel so personally attacked
i feel attacked!
i feel like i'm outta my mind, it feels like my life ain't mine
it's my last day of hs and i feel so blessed that i spent all four years with the students and teachers at rvhs #onceas
i feel like my book is changing because i don't want to make a mistake in my history of the issue, but at the same time i don't want
girl i feel you. now a days they be children lookin grown af.
len hasn't been that savage since the early seasons... i feel so alive
i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need something..
i'm the most paranoid person ever. these people want me to hang out with them but i feel like they're going to do something to me idk
today yukari made a friend named ia. i'm not sure how i feel about it.
i feel like rains should get credit for the utter construction of his voice! totally unique, through sheer will power.
i feel so nice ,mom, i feel so nice i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist award
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
well i feel like a beached whale
if you don't know how to hustle, i feel sorry for you
i feel like i busted my <bleep> all day and got zero done. oh wait... that's exactly what happened!
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
i feel that
............ i feel like i made a mistake
honestly how i feel about trevor.
berair mata bro tengok ending #menantifebruari i feel you arie
every time i get that strawberry lemonade from wendy's i feel a lil wealthy
dinner was tuna on lettuce with some white tea and a bunch of water. and i feel surprisingly full
i love sense8 so much i feel so connected to them i love them
a bathroom should never be right outside of a kitchen. that's just how i feel.
is so adorable in this pic i feel like i'm having a heart attack hope to see the hd soon amazing photo by
i had a good day but i feel so drain
some days i feel like a savage, other days i just want you
hmmm i feel some shadiness unfolding rather than give a <bleep> ill just remove myself from the situation
i feel u on a deep and personal level.
damn that's crazy i feel bad for that dj
my stomach hurts and i feel like i'm going to die
i wish i never saw the video i just woke up and i feel even worse than last night
whenever i wear tshirts that are actually my size now i feel like i'm suffocating bc they're so small what has college done to me
i feel like i havent smoked a blunt in years
i feel like throwing up and crying
i congratulate the big mining firms. i feel sorry for our country and our environment. #ginalopez #denr
dehd ur parents must be rly disappointed on u (cos ur gay). i feel sorry for ur parents. how can they not raise a child
i feel special.
now i feel like i have to make another rant but this time about kh3.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
do i look as dead as i feel
every time i use u and you in the same sentence i feel a vague emotion that i can't describe
blah i feel so sick but i have to stay at school bc i have an english sac after school ;;
i feel betrayed tae-- wait who's taehyung? i dunno him. #btsbbmas army squad
i truly hate talking to people that i feel are lying to me or keeping something from me....it makes me not put forth any effo
i feel better when i'm tan
and never talk to me anymore i feel so neglected
lol i feel like i'm the only one who likes lee #gotham
i feel ya there. blessed with everyday. glad you're okay cuzzo!
i feel you girl
i feel so much closer to normani, i am so grateful to have gotten this opportunity to know her better #dwts #teamvalmani
it's honestly really sad how weird i feel without a working computer...i'm completely lost......i need to get out more hahahai feel like i saw that a name had been decided ononce i feel different about u, ur donei feel so relaxed after my workout tonight. swimming is such a stress reliever for me.like, i understand what happens, but i feel like there's probably a lot going on culturally toobut now that i feel so stressed, i know it's definitely not excitement for sch.this close to the end and i feel like giving upi feel like they're all a part of me~ which one i think is my main look though... i sincerely do not know~ #ffxiv #fi feel like hooka is killing mei feel bad for anyone who tries to talk to me because 9/10 i'm asleep. sorryi feel bad for rasheeda frfr #lhhatli feel like i'm 100 times happier when i'm tan.why do i feel like we just lost out on some firei feel bad people who this are tweeting in a language i don't understand awwwi feel better when i make better musicyou guys i'm pain free after 6 months of constant body aches i feel like a humani feel sorry for the people that lost me, they know i was down like i was nailed to the floorgirl i feel youevery time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like college is always better doing the winter/christmas time.sleep is often sacrificed in startup culture. i'm all for the grind too but wow i feel great after 8hrs. how much did youi feel like crapday 1 of facebook orientation done, and i feel full of awesome.i feel like betty shabazz (malcolm x's widow) was the only civil rights widow who wasn't as supported after her husband wif you're doubting the will of this team, i feel sorry for you. defending cup champs for a reason.i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel good. any black single moms struggling extra hard this month? fridge looking bare? lemme help a bit. imma open mhow i feel!ion kno watchu sayin but i feel like u talkin <bleep> so shui feel like this ep is gonna hurt from the <bleep>le preview :ti do nothing but snack at work i feel so fat. like i'm constantly eating something loli feel you rni feel like all the pros did their celebs justice with their song choices.. except one. #dwtswhen i be mean to my baby i feel so bad afteri feel their smiles on meall good. i read so much i feel like i have read every plot possiblei feel u i woke up early and did chores now im just zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz time for bedi don't know how but i feel hockey players could really benefit from using some stickem or pine tartrying so hard to keep my cool. i feel myself gonna have a break downhonestly i'll miss emma swan so much but she hasn't been emma in so long and right now all i feel is reliefman this la dude crazy , i feel sorry for all my cousin girlfriendsi feel like we are both trying to say the same thing just in different ways.i feel so bad right nowmoving out has its perks but i feel stress free and calm ishnot everything i feel is true.nobody else can change how i feel about you. the only person that can mess up what we have, is you!i feel my chie will transfer over best to makoto but <bleep> it i will learn akiraaaaaaaahonestly, i feel like either one of my two best friends' moms would be more easier to talk to than my mom...i feel like a friggin proud mum rn watching my sons achieving the best award in school ;;;; #btsbbmasi feel like the joke's on me with this one.i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so littlei feel bad for whoever i marry because i will probably be late to my own weddingpersonally i feel more outrage every day witnessing the truth of what he said.mixed emotions honestly but i feel good about iti still cant believe that i saw them, i feel like im still dreaming i vote for for #btsbbmas for top social artisti feel like i got my heart ripped outi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we onevery time i rub my <bleep>s i feel closer to godtook me like 5 minutes to decipher what "maga" meant and i know i feel hella stupid. lulzso i don't know how i feel about it. the very idea of someone <bleep>ing out a baby piece by piece makes me sick.i feel like i was the 1% of people who didn't get an lef scholarshipif i feel like i'm bothering you, i'll just leave you alone. i probably be cutting my own self off half the time lmao.. * . . * i feel empty . . * . * * +i feel so alone
i feel you
i feel therefore i am seems like a fangirl motto... #lucifer
i'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thing
i feel like all my kids grew up and married each other. it's every parent's dream.
the moment i wanna finally say ok i feel better, my body is like no.
i'm about to drop out of college and sell bootleg dvds and cologne outside corner stores. i feel like that's my calling.
i just went for a run for a whole hour surprisingly i feel great
ok no more subtweeting lol it's been a minute so i feel it was well deserved
i feel so sick omg
i feel therefore i am #lucifer
i feel an impulse purchase shortly arriving and it comes with 440 hp and a pony in the grill
i feel like i have this big <bleep> hole in my heart
aside from the lip-numbing, overwhelming anxiety, i feel absolutely fine.
lord, thank you so much for the unconditional love even if sometimes, i feel like i don't deserve it for i keep on disappointi
right when i started eating 6 times a day i felt half pregnant all day but now if i don't i feel like i'm going into starvation
i feel so bad , just wanna get over this.
not sure how i feel about all this..
#thevoice ok i feel bad saying that she looks fabulous the gown is great but the song is forgettable
every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel some type of way when people can't communicate with me effectively.
i'm a comedian anyway, if i feel like i'm losing the argument i'll roast your <bleep>, boom! we even idc
i feel sick
no one can get in the way of what i feel for you
i feel you sis i feel you
i feel a little old sometimes!
i feel bad for lena being forced to kiss a man ://
i feel your pain
i feel bad for mark
alright i've never watch a ig live video before tonight but i opened one and it says that you're watching it and i feel like that's weird
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
well that being said , just means can do more to it in the end. but i feel ya man
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
my roommate literally hates me because she forgot to go to a meeting. i feel bad but it's funny at the same time
i feel like this warrants a facebook friend delete
ha my good mood is starting to shift because i feel like im annoying every single <bleep>ing person that knows me but :) it's okay
don't get me wrong i rate muay thai but i feel like they willing to take too much damage..
i feel like i've been slacking
you are all so smart and wonderful and incredible people with such bright futures ahead of you, the pride i feel is immense
i feel like if you lie once you gone do it again and again and again and again... and again
i feel like my time to start a cops of tinder instagram account has long passed.
treyton has a low grade fever and throwing up. and i feel like hell
5 hour spa day completed. i feel brand new.
i feel like wasting a <bleep> time.
y do i feel so alone
i feel like <bleep> all i want rn is panera :(
i feel you. wanna talk just hmu
everyday i go to work i feel so f-ing lucky because everybody is so f-ing nice and cool and there's #n
i feel like a proud mom reading this
i feel like logic and kendrick albums is in the same mold thou.
tweeting things about girls, love and what i feel in 140 characters or less. i follow back everyone following
i feel like some number of people probably disagree that the squatty potty is unkinked
sometimes my feelings don't b hurt, i might just react cause i feel played. i still dgaf, but don't try to play me g
i always deny what i feel
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
fuck, i feel dead
i went grocery shopping and bought a book. i feel less blegh. now just blah.
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
damn. i feel like i lived in parallel universe for the last 10 years, one filled with bombs, invasions, occupy protest
getting a haircut, was treated against my will to an entire kanye west song. i feel like the whitest man on earth.
i feel better when i'm tan
send me emojis i feel like doing em all
i send like 5 snaps a day, and i feel like that's too much. i got like 200 from that person that day.
i wish you could understand the way i feel about you.
i feel ri feel like a dove :)yo what my sister just shared a link w the new oitnb episodes i feel guilty watching <bleep>tttttt what happens to dayapoor dude's just lonely. he has no friends left in the house. i feel for kevi feel like all my kids grew up and married each other. it's every parent's dream.yea i feel u. now go put that fire outwhen i cruise w drake, windows down, sunnies on .. i feel pretty sick notgonnaliei feel like you're the person i need to go to for tips on wine.as bad as i feel for you, it's always so nice to see someone be so genuinely honest and open.unelected judges... will i feel more pics of a secret to be aware of 80s snooker jokes funnier without a non-threateningi'm crashing so hard, i feel sicki feel their smiles on mei feel so lazy todayi feel faint. this is too good.cleaned my room i feel so much better.i don't even know how i feel at this point lol mostly just numbyall i feel so proud right now they rly gon attend. im imagining them in a meeting discussin it and they all smiling and <bleep>i feel like im more of a stay at home mom/house wife type of person working and school just isnt for mei feel like i'm starting to have more panic attacks that are related to financial stuff. is this what being an adult is? i don't like it.i feel ui feel like you stole this out of my headi feel the light for the very first timei wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutidk if its a san diego thing or a cali thing but i feel like being called a weirdo is such an insult here i do not take thasometimes i relate so hard to a tweet that when i retweet i feel like i'm not fully doing it justice so i have to dm it to atleast someonei feel like she gotta be putting on for the cameras. no way i believe this women is this crazy lmfaooo #basketballwivesi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. you never walk aloneif you don't know how to hustle, i feel sorry for youi feel like uh i wanna diei try to handle every situation with kindness, i feel sorry to those who are full of anger but i'm not looking to become ti feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we oni feel bad for the jazz fans that paid to go to this game. pathetic.i've been trying to piss him off for over a year.... i feel like such a failureim finna deactive my page i feel i need to fall back yall.sometimes i feel that i am way too niceonly been listening to bruno mars the whole day and now i feel like shopping at v. hahahaout of body. that's just how i feel when i'm around you shanty.i feel so proud of 5sos when i watch this video of them playing their first gig as a band. they've grown so much since thlol that's too funny. i feel like this house won't sell very fast. it's the stuff your dreams were made ofi feel like throwing my brother down the stairs even though he didn't mess up my carsi feel the hype again!*dad gets up from chair* "damn i feel like someone punched me in the left kidney" ...... whatfor a place you can say whatever you want .. i feel censoredyou're hr. understandable. idk i feel like at least one of us gotta be able to turn the lights on, that's the pre-reqi feel like i've been hit by a busi feel you. yeah he gone pick they <bleep> apartman i feel <bleep>y now at the end of the end of the day i only have myselfno amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feelfuck me i feel greati feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel bad for mickie james #rawi feel bad for with this score so early no one will be watching by halftime #nbaplayoffs #dubsi feel like someone hit me with a baseball bathi i'm still sick and i feel awful make me feel better plz and thanksonce i feel like i'm forcing you to talk to me i'm really gonna distance myself and if we don't speak so be itjust rearranged my room and i feel like a new person
the word "sad" doesn't really describe what i feel anymore because i feel much more than just sad
plus i feel a beast deep down in me that wants to fight and i gotta feed it. must be the irish in me
i feel so <bleep> depressed rn
i'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thing
petengene. i feel ye
i feel like i'm the only one who hates the first captain america movie.
why do i feel like <bleep> :((
#staystrongmark i feel so bad for mark no one deserves hate we love you mark don't forget that
i feel used and i hate it
everyday i go to work i feel so f-ing lucky because everybody is so f-ing nice and cool and there's #n
sometimes when i feel sick but not bad i just wish that i was truly sick so that the pain would feel like it was put to use
i feel like a <bleep>ing loser
hu i feel good!
i hate when i feel like i'm doing something wrong
i feel like my heart is in a million pieces
i feel bad reading that but.... honestly during ie manila... not many people came as well. im
i feel so attacked right now
i want a dog or cat so badly but i feel like id either be an overbearing parent or an extremely neglectful one
i hate that "in case you missed it" section of the tl just because i feel people think i'm stalking them if i fav or
because i feel like rihanna makes more music that males wouldn't mind listening to rather than beyonc
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
lol i feel like i'm dying
i feel like the gods just shined their heavenly rays upon this twitter post...
now i feel broke for buying a car in cash
i feel dead
sometimes i wanna break down bc i feel like i should be further along in life than i am.
"right? i feel like a guy in hydra made it. or loki. that's so a loki thing."
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again
just been crying all day long i'm so sick i feel like i'm in my death bed...
vote for the #btsbbmas top social artist award i feel like i woke up one morning and jk was suddenly a man... a
i hate responding to dms days later i feel so bad :(
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
it's okay. you can learn to stop. human are being stupid at times not knowing they're acting stupid. i feel you.
i feel like golden state, cleveland indians, and atlanta falcons put together right now.
i'm a peeved lil bean rn so i feel u
i feel like he was referencing his song too when he said that what a cool guy
honestly i feel like if they named it something else i'd like it more, but it just doesn't fit as a mass effect game.
i feel ya bro. tell her thank you for that ride from the sat though
she has to keep stopping herself from smiling, i feel like it's reflex for her now
if u relish in the misery of others ur a <bleep> and i honestly i feel bad for you
me: "i want harry to follow me" harry: "i want harry to follow me, shut yo <bleep> <bleep> up ill follow you when i feel like it"
i knew this day would come. i finally found a giant roach in my apartment. i sprayed raid but now i feel really bad about it ok
lmaoo facts i feel his pain that <bleep> pops wasn't playing lol he had to be great
i feel so bad for girls with strict parents, bless my lenient <bleep> parents lmao
performing standup at country clubs is the closest i feel to being a jester in front of royalty.
i need to go to sleep. but i feel so happy i don't wanna let the day end
i feel sad and left out no one appreciates me goodnight :(
he really wants to convince himself. i feel like he is that type of pathological liar. he starts believing his own <bleep>.
i feel kinda empty inside yo,like no feelings or nothing...
do i dare disturb the universe and plead with the powers that be? do i say what i feel or hold my tongue?
idk how i feel bout my prom dress
i feel like there's some sort of unspoken rule where sorority girls have to put a witty caption under their overly posed "can
i feel so bad i hate that
that's exactly how i feel about people who wear glasses, like the world is just blurry to y'all? like it just be out of focus
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i feel so sick i'm gonna die lol
i feel bad ignoring dudes, but if they're not cute i don't want them to think i like them.. so i only reply once or twice.
i feel fantastic now, thanks.
i feel for her this week, they <bleep>ed her by giving her a female partner.
i feel more like a citizen of the internet than of my own country.
i feel bad for those who take twitter seriously
i feel like this is karma for pens fans chanting holtby's name in a game in which the pens were being shutout.(this game)i feel ya i live in massachusetts from where i am it's only a 5 hr drivei feel you. i actually liked taking spanish thoi feel ui feel like all my kids grew up and married each other. it's every parent's dream.ugh i feel yai feel like i'm on summer vacation aka i don't want to be working now...guys kehlani is so sick she's crying on stage she could only do one song and has to cancel the show i feel so bad for her oh my god :(i feel like some people are tweeting me, so if it is for me at least me.oof! i feel so squished all of a sudden.i feel so down for no reasonjust how i feel when i'm around you shawtyi feel like the judges just can't give anything less than a 7 this far in the comp even if it deserves it lolthat's how i feel right now...embarrassing performance right nowi had a great steak last night and chicken tonight, i feel great!i feel as if god intended me to stay single. for like everi don't think she believes in mystical connection but she's wrapped around me like ribbon so close i feel her heart beating ai'm home, just showered, and i feel like i'm going to fall asleep. i had a really great day and i'll be on for day time hangs tomorrowthe only person in pittsburgh i feel bad fori use birth control to stop the periods ....so i feel fantasticthere's no beat to slip what i feel did you break something in me? it's ok, doesnt matter anywaysurely you must've known you were going to release 5 lots of dlc maps for bo3. i feel ripped off as a season pass holder!i want to post this picture cos i feel pretty but i don't want to be <bleep>ualized so idkbeen listening to the holy bible today...i feel very blessedi might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.when i think of her. i feel strange. what does that mean?i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel like i made the wrong decision yazi know i got people that'll listen. but honestly it <bleep>s cause you hate telling the same people the same <bleep>. like i feel bad for feelin.#voicetop10 wow, i am speechless so beautiful!!! way to go girl, i feel you!!!! i know you will be getting a call from the great martina!i feel like i need change a little quick moment my profile i'll put one of my baes instead just a little moment !kkhh mohabbatein back to back; only a matter of time till i feel all channa mereya like. bw films are poison for hopeless romanticsi feel so alone not one person in my corneri just killed a spider w/ my bare hands, because it was coming towards ailani.... y'all i feel super humani feel like i should be taking notes of all the texts i could be sending.j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si try to handle every situation with kindness, i feel sorry to those who are full of anger but i'm not looking to become tjust put in my notice at work today and i feel like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulderi feel like u pretend to act tuff but ur really hurt from the insidei feel a rampage coming on and no one is safeif i leave the house past 9 pm, i feel like i should wear a sign that says, "ignore my crazy. it's past my bedtime."i feel like im dying but whats up twitteri feel so important, thank youi feel the capitals might have found that fleury has a weak high glove side...i'm starting up a music shout out series, for my channel to help bands i feel deserve more recognition. help me name the sbro i feel like my body is lacking key nutrients..when i'm with you, i feel so safe. like i'm home.from one foodie to another. i feel your pain bro hahai feel good when i give money to strippers i hope they pay bills w. my money"i feel bad for not going to my usual barber smh.... i don't know how you guys can cheat on someone you love" - uic`"i feel like i'm high.. but off of happiness"i feel ya.3am finishing off a hotel booking site eating pizza nutella waiting for seth's 3:30am milkies ... and i wonder why i feel loopy.how come i feel like the caps will need some of these goals wednesdayim watching the video now! i swear i feel like they're speaking arab to me...during ww2. it's 4 am. i should sleep. i feel so sick. and i miss working there so much.i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel bad for the kids at that interview #runawayrodfor the longest time i thought your name was pronounced "yo-shes-ska" instead of "yosh-esk" and i feel the need to apologize.i feel as if im a bad friend for like not giving a crab..i feel so blessed to have the heart i have. life hasn't been fair, but i'm going to forever keep my head up and my words swewhen i'm sick i feel completely delusional i just spent the last 10 minutes trying to remember my agei feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni've gained a <bleep> load of weight and i feel so uncomfortable with myself , why did i let myself do thispoor thing!!! i feel sorry for this young man. he's only 19 and all he wants is his family! i hope he doesn't go back! #escapingpolygamyreally been up sense 8 am and i'm just getting in i feel like a zombieif you want me to treat you with respect then i expect you to treat me with respect as well. the moment i feel disrespected then its over.idk if its a san diego thing or a cali thing but i feel like being called a weirdo is such an insult here i do not take thai feel so hot and so cold at the same time like i think i'm dyingi feel overwhelmed by all the poor people who are going to die under trumpcare, but then even worse about how they still support trump.i feel you dudei wish you could understand the way i feel about you.i feel horriblei feel like crying hate when i'm mad all i wanna do is cry bro.i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we oni feel so bad blocking people byei'm blem for real i might just stay how i feel
anxious about my day tomorrow so i'm spending the night at my grandparents. i feel like a little kid and am so grateful i get to do this.
yes and i feel attacked/triggered
i feel you lol
i feel so much better wit u here!
if i send you a paragraph on how i feel about you...i expect an instant reply.
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i can't even explain how i feel anymore, my thoughts are so messed up in my head that i don't even understand them.
i'm too afraid too. like i feel bad deep down.
i feel their smiles on me
i feel like a lot of people vent their feelings in here like, i don't even know what those are anymore.
know i feel dumb
i feel bad for people that r going to playlist dc just for the twins lmao i don't think they'll be there
lmaooo i realized his taste in girls i feel ugly
ppl guilty at any point of time will give clarification even if not sought i feel th
i feel myself slowly losing people :///
after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks will
"ooh, i feel good now." -richard nixon
looking through the hashtag #thevoice and i feel like isn't getting the attention she deserves! she's phenomenal!
ugh idk i feel like i can't pull it off lol
i feel like i should go bacc to being a playa y'all think ima hoe u anyway
for real tho ! i feel like i've had everything lol
i feel as though my life is in this continuous cycle and i don't know how to get out
i feel cute as <bleep>
i feel like all my kids grew up and married each other. it's every parent's dream.
lord, thank you so much for the unconditional love even if sometimes, i feel like i don't deserve it for i keep on disappointi
judges have taken the wind out of simone's sail. i feel badly for her. she's amazing!! #dwts
when i start the conversation, i feel like i'm annoying you.
i feel like this <bleep> is finna try to tax bruh, thats out.
its just me but i feel weird that someone actually made an account dedicated to finn sneezing, thats really a next level
will there ever come a time when i feel secure... about anything.?
they're making another hellboy without del toro? not sure how i feel about that.
let's talk about depression for a minute. i feel like some people don't understand the severity depression can reach.
dear phone, earphones and music thanks for being there when i feel alone and out of place.
i haven't even started but i feel you :-/
i feel so proud of 5sos when i watch this video of them playing their first gig as a band. they've grown so much since th
i can't believe bts are actually going to attend the bbmas i feel like im living in an alternate reality life feels too good
if you really believe that i feel sorry for you. it is driving people away by the thousands
however being forced to hold something in that i feel so strongly about is <bleep>ty and just <bleep> this i have no options
i'm about to soak in some rose bath bomb until i feel like a princess again.
i feel like i'm almost ready to open up the summer bae application process but want to make sure before i'm like "whoops, still depressed"
yeaaa i'm the same way in the beginning, but i feel like with time, i'll probably revert back to hating it hahaha
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i feel like spring day was dedicated to me, therefore, i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmas
how do you get away with a $200 change fee for a flight that costs less than that? i feel like i've been physically <bleep>aulted.
the more i drink the more i feel broken
how many retweets constitutes "viral"? is it three? i feel like it's some unattainable number like three.
i feel like people who don't care how the toilet paper is supposed to hang are just happier people #tiredthoughts
i feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythin
i can't even begin to explain how i feel about bangtan getting invited for the bbmas. i'm so proud of them and i can't wait to see them.
for some reason, i feel like i'm pushing people away
#mdlny (my favorite reality/real estate show) = fredrik, ryan, and luis. not sure how i feel about this new guy taking luis' place...
when i feel like nobody appreciates me i just remember it's nobody's job to give a <bleep> about me and nobody can <bleep> wi
i feel good. any black single moms struggling extra hard this month? fridge looking bare? lemme help a bit. imma open m
i feel like i've been annoying lately so sorry if i've annoyed you
i feel terrible for anyone else who had to suffer/hear jordyn and tony's pillow talk..
i feel better when i'm tan
i feel your pain. i felt the same way after the obama wiretapped trump towers story. so far no proof of that either.
just crammed a whole year of ap stats i feel great
i feel like i've came a long way from where i was a year ago... but still got a longer way to go.
i feel bad for the kids at that interview #runawayrod
i feel like my car is going to rattle to pieces everytime i drive on i4when i tell y'all i have the best, best friends ever i really do i feel like sometimes i rlly don't deserve them at all m5:00 p.m. (alaney)- i'm just so sick of everything! 5:15 p.m. (alaney)- i feel so much better now that i'm eatingi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti love getting compliments when i feel i look basicmy heart still heavily hurts and i feel and notice it the most when i'm just sitting thinkingi feel so lost and confused........ i didn't deserve thisi'd honestly hate to be a server and have to do that birthday song <bleep> i feel like they sniff you outi hate drinking a gallon of water i feel like a <bleep>ing sprinkleri feel everything way too much and it <bleep>s me over every timei feel like if i'm getting a 101% in chemistry i should be able to skip the final exami only wrote 9 pages tonight, but i feel like i just finished a month-long yoga retreat #writingtakesalotoutofmei feel my attitude coming let me just noti want to start painting again.. i feel the excitement!my art is my lock and home screen i feel grossi feel like i annoy him so hard and it's frustratingi lose interest fast . especially if i feel like i gotta beg for yo attention .dell on tgen mccain leadership award: "meaningful, lasting...how i feel abt our tech with these kids" hti wish i would've joined a debate club when i was in school i feel like that <bleep> would have been coolmy phone's browser has donald trump in the search history. i feel like that wins.i feel like i'm never full.why is it not even tuesday yet i feel like finals week should be over by nowi feel bad for my future kids iliterally live off of english muffins, tortillas with anything in them and edemame ..my husband call your wife ugly. now you lick him shoes. i feel sorry for you wife. she deserve better.i feel targetedj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si'll be glad when i feel like myself again.that's the only thing i saw worth my attention today. and while it was gratifying, i feel like i need more.weird part is i feel you right now , quit that emotion it's not even worth iti feel so out of touch w/ fandom sometimes loli feel like a zombie. thanks finals week.we don't talk much but i feel like we have a lot in common.my brother is 14, got a gf and i feel like he's not little anymore.sha just called me a chanyeol stan and as a whole jongdae-l i feel attackedi finished a good amount of <bleep>ignments i feel accomplishedthey say hippos kill more people than lions but i feel like maybe the lions are just better at covering their tracks.i feel like running somebody's fade on super smash bros lowkeyi feel like i am drowning...can't stand this anymore...whenever i feel kinda bad about things i just think about post maloneif i feel like youre not being 100 thats when i just distance myself. i done been hurt too many times to go down that road again.i lay around, touch myself to pass the time. i feel down, i wish you were mine.i feel lika a proud mama. army squad i vote for for top social artist award ai feel like i should be studying for my history test on thursday but here i am working on editing videoeveryday i go to work i feel so f-ing lucky because everybody is so f-ing nice and cool and there's #nand now everyone seems to be done and i feel like im really going to flunk this gradejust how i feeli feel like this dude is tweeting about me... but i don't wanna aski feel it's okay to have a style that you like. going outside of it to try new things is how you develop multiple styleshad to take my lunch break early and get some fresh air because i feel like i'm gonna pass out.i still have summer classes.. so i feel yahi feel myself becoming less important to people as every single day passesi feel like the (i wish there were more!) 2 animated films bridged the gdt/ mm gap wonderfully- those feel like the comicsi feel so sleepyi feel meh but ranting on here is sort of kind of helpingmy brain is just racing right now i feel sickyeah i feel that way too. it's still so funnyi feel like doing another front flip into wekiva springsi feel it, well i know you gotta battery powered bf somewhere, you know what to do.i feel like just yesterday we celebrated 5 years on twitterim trying to figure out the difference between how i feel about preacher and american gods that makes me wish preacher would go fastershe makes me laugh. she makes me smile. when i'm with her i feel complete. i thank god every day he put her in front of me .damn. i feel like i lived in parallel universe for the last 10 years, one filled with bombs, invasions, occupy protestdid someone change my name to baskin robbin because i feel like a banana split!"i'm just exhausted. i feel like i've been running around like a chicken with my head cut off lately."if hilary clinton can use a body double in a national campaign (source: mr. brown) then i feel it's only right for me to use one for math.
yeah i feel that. i listen to it every once in awhile but when i do i be jammin
i feel ok being a girl, but sometimes i don't want to be?????
chfil is extended until next week. i gotta figure this out... i feel like god really wants me to see it.
honestly i feel like people try to hard to find the "right" one. work on yourself instead of trying to find someone
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i feel ya girl
i feel sicky :( i want cuddles from luke
i feel like nothing can break me anymore
i feel a lot cuter now that i've washed my face
tomorrow is my last day of college and i feel relieved
oh god help me! i feel like i'm losing myself. i want to leave this world now. this is <bleep>ing hard. please take care of my cats..
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection.
i need attention 24/7 but at the same time i feel like i bug too much
i feel like god is testing me and i damn near might fail
yes, which is why i feel an obligation to value it
i feel like throwing up ugh
i feel like it's a mission everyday for someone to upset me
im not meghan but i am megan and i feel like it still counts maybe
out of body.. that's just how i feel when i'm around you
lmao this was so obviously i feel bad for others i vote for for the top social artist a
yeewes, it's been forever since i read a new version. i feel attacked by childhood memories
if i snapchatted you the way i snapchat my friends i feel like you'd start to question my existence
i feel so happy i can't even explain words ain't good enough im glad i found apink these girls are my everything #apinkbroketh
when i feel lonely i look for my family and kids. #basketballwives
i feel so bomb in this head wrap with no make up.
i feel myself getting back to my old self
bizarre. i feel like i've heard this from someone else too. so creepy
vote for the #btsbbmas top social artist award i feel like i woke up one morning and jk was suddenly a man... a
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
i feel like if i tell myself everyday "i'm okay" eventually it'll become true
the happiness i feel when i'm talking to my baby it's like none other i swear
right. right. ok. thank you. i feel dumb for not having seen it sooner.
i feel like i mess up everything
thank youu i feel so alive and real wahooo
i'm going to sleep so good. i feel it
i feel sorry for the ppl who dread going to work. i love my job the ppl i work with.
.@bts_twt you're not even mine anymore but why do i feel like you're being taken away? i vote for #bbmas top so
this may be an unpopular opinion in the vegan community, but i i feel it is more important for humans to have basic rights
whenever i use a planner, i feel like i got my life together lmao
lol i feel ya, it's ok tho you can try to redeem yourself tomorrow
#btsbbmas even though it's just a vid i feel attacked
hey! i feel like the point of view in the music video is evil richtofen! cause why else would he be the thumbnail??
i feel terrible.
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
right i feel like he just made new friends
i feel like the whole want me to pray for them but who the <bleep> prayin for me #feel
i feel like one day i'm rich and then 2 days later my account balance be like $23.42
birds flying high , you know how i feel sun in the sky , you know how i feel ..
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i feel pity for haters
i hate cursing in front of my mom. i feel like she's gonna put chile in my mouth like she used to
you either grow together or grow apart. that's the reality. sometimes i feel that people confuse "effort" with "forcin
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
why anime avi accs got the most aggressive tweets like wjhy do i feel like love live girls are just always calling me the n
me too but it's good and i feel it's important, ya know?
i feel this so hard
i don't know wtf i feel anymore
i don't understand why some feel the need to try to compete with each other... i feel like what god has for me is for m
i feel 10x better after praying.
i feel so selfish sometimes and i really don't like that..
hottest <bleep> i've ever met!! slaying everyone day by day i feel sorry for everyone else bc i got the hottest bff
i feel strange here
oh, how cute! she scoffs, placing a hand at her hip. you /think/ i feel sorry for someone like you.
professors be taking too long to post final grades. i feel like they should be posted 24 hours after you take your exam.
i feel more like a citizen of the internet than of my own country.
you know how i feel bout you though
i feel like evelyn is going to go back to her old ways hanging with tami and shaunie. so much for "changing" #basketball
only my shadow knows how i feel about you
i feel tired even though i just woke up
i've been in bed all day, i feel like the grandparents from willy wonka and the chocolate factory
fun fact: just bc i say "i feel you" doesn't always mean i agree with you. it's acknowledgement of your thoughts, feelings,
sometimes rednecks give me headaches, i feel the iq points drain from my brain i can never understand what they say loltoday just has to be better. i feel it.i cant believe our bbies are goin i feel like a proud mom :') #btsbbmasi feel ui feel so bad for every girl that i have ever had a friend crush on because i am ridiculously creepy about themi feel you manhow long do we think they'll go in the show without actually calling this character by name? i feel like it's easy w/ visual flashbacks...you win, pence blocked me, but not the potus... i feel so low now. lolif i tell you how i feel, believe me because i hardly open up to anyonei feel blessed how can we deserve 7 beautiful humans? #btsbbmasi'm unfollowing to 0 bc i feel like my tl is a bit of a mess so like this for a fb:)social media makes me so anxious! i feel so sorry for young kids growing up with instagram thinking that's what the girlsi feel sorry for whoever ends up marrying me bc ya gurl is a handfuli promise i feel like a wholeeee new <bleep> when my eye brows done and i'm freshly shavedi feel greati'm a marxist and i feel like that fact alone would cause most of my family members to disown meat this point i literally just can't. that's how i feeli feel like the most beautiful thing about a girl is her smile.i feel so sad n i dont know why i got nice things for myself today yghdhbdnxncnncvinjuries aside i feel like the leafs played the capitals far better then pittsburgh has.i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel like going to target just cuzi feel like everybody just be lying to me bro so 9/10 when you telling me <bleep> whether you telling the truth or not i'm not li feel good baby i feel great who cares if we go crazy i vote for for the top social artlist award #btsbbmasomfg same addthjryj im laughing because i feel this too hahahai have 130 followers and i feel sorry for every single one of you (especially those following on multiple accounts)kinda scared to give it another chance coz i feel like whenever i decide to give someone my best efforts, they take it for graidk if i hear someone crying rn in the honors college but i feel ya girlim beside bts ph union hory <bleep> i feel blessed i can already see the banners i vote for for top social artist awthere won't be a next time.. i can't stand the rejection i feel after this..just found out there's a mcdonald's in ohio that serves pizza....not sure how i feel about it, but i'd definitely try iti feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel like i should be studying or something but nathan, i'm donedon't know how i feel about thissometimes i feel so happy but mostly you just make me madi feel like trump is just going to stop showing up for work one day.yes im ok i feel pr ok right now :^3 how have u been??i feel so loved. and i think i'm doing a great job being a friend :')that's sad af and i feel for all of them i know how it is especially for no one to believe youi feel bad for cos on this #raw she looks like a trophy wife it looks really bad (she doesnt even have a headset) #rawlondongot an official apple music membership im a new woman i feel rebornthey are really coming to bbma but why i feel scared?i feel betrayed.. you don't follow mei feel as if andre is treating me like a newbie, maybe i caused this on myselfi feel like we would never leavethe battling in the game i feel is a little off.no lie, i've hit a few people with penelope's stroller! i feel so bad it's so big.i don't know how i feel about my best friends not coming home for the summeri told my uncle i feel like his wife is gonna have a baby girl and he replied "i just unfriended and blocked you on fb"i feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythiit's just something i really want bra smh and i feel like it ain't gone never comeoutta body that's just how i feel when im around your bodyhonestly i feel like people try to hard to find the "right" one. work on yourself instead of trying to find someoneim like <bleep>ing riddled w anxiety, i feel like everyone hates me??? like i'm a nuisance lmao how do i make this stop?i feel like a terrible person every time i leave my dog home alonemy 6yo is watching homeward bound i feel like i'm living my childhood over again.ok eating healthy is so hard when i just had to give up a oreo pop tart like i feel so crushedi feel sick af omgi feel u and you're right. but from a viewers perspective it just didn't come off wellright? damn i feel old...i feel so proud of you !!! this is music is perfect is amazing!!!! #perfectillusionthat's exactly how i feel about people who wear glasses, like the world is just blurry to y'all? like it just be out of focusi feel like this should be accompanied with a snapchat filter that says *mood*i feel real goodidk if its a san diego thing or a cali thing but i feel like being called a weirdo is such an insult here i do not take thagood look bro bro lol i just say how i feeli feel like i'm waiting for something but i'm really not i just need to sleepi feel like i never draw fanart just for funsies anymore...definitely not full pieces anywayi feel like i'm hella trippeni feel like material that gets engagement on twitter differs from what gets engagement on fb quite a lot.i feel unsafenot sure how i feel about being part of this alert system tbhokay i'm having a conversation with a friend and honestly i feel impressed to do this thread for girls on... "the indecis
the word "sad" doesn't really describe what i feel anymore because i feel much more than just sad
i feel sick to my damn stomach.
i <bleep> at hiding how i feel
god 2/3 of the way there and i can't explain how happy i feel about it, my parents right beside me cheering me on and i am so ready!
was feeling terrible, but then scrolled through like five minutes of a gg guy being dunked for a bad tweet and now i feel a lot better
i feel like nothing. no self confidence, no motivation, nothing. i just feel like i am here taking up space all the time.
i feel this
if i tell you how i feel, believe me because i hardly open up to anyone
i feel as if my twitter has painted me as this horny monster who is almost constantly nutting to ever
no words can describe how i feel anymore... i'm just dead inside at this point
in a world where everything is so hard and challenging i feel like the one thing that should be simple is love...
yo i feel you. everyone at work calls me "muh-lei-uh" instead of "muh-lee-uh" and i'm about to fight
wanna tell you how i feel but i dont want you to know how i feel
i feel like ian got nobody to try to impress ... ima be myself at all times
i do not abuse anyone,coz in doing so i feel disgraced...!!
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection.
professors be taking too long to post final grades. i feel like they should be posted 24 hours after you take your exam.
every one else's is political, now i feel stupid
ugh i feel u
i feel like i did that in anger management but imma attempt it tomorrow night .
i know how that feels, if someone talked to me that way, i would be in such a bad mood, i feel so bad for her, i hope my dad rots in hell
i feel like some sneaky fake stuff going on i always trust my instincts
it's all g i feel u
depressed bc i feel like <bleep>ing... having <bleep> <bleep> i'm <bleep>ing <bleep> deprived like some good <bleep> <bleep>
i feel empty like completely empty sick sad ....&amp;....&amp;....
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
if you talk bad about a father raising his daughter to the bedt he can i feel so bad for you. thats low as hell
i feel like being nasty tonight
my face been dry all day i feel it i need oil oil oilllllllllllllll
my finals are seriously stressing me out i feel like crying. (). vote for top social artist. to v
if i feel like you pushing me away ima let you !
i feel so bad that i can't adopt all the dogs in the world.
i feel so <bleep>ing sick, like i feel like i'm <bleep>ing dying
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
made it on the list but i feel like i'm done
last dance with mary jane, one more time to kill the pain. i feel summer creeping in, and i'm tired of this town again
why do i feel that #persona5 has too many days reserved for story events and not enough opportunities to raise confidants?
when i peel off face masks i feel like i'm being reborn
i feel so alone sometimes, like all i have is the company of characters in tv shows and they're all leaving too
to me the #misogyny of the 2016 election was soul murdering. every single day i feel sick that the best candidate didn't ge
i gave my auntie a lecture for 30 minutes.. i feel like i'm just blowing air.
i feel for this father. sad situation. i personally feel 10 yrs old is too late to teach our children abt "blackness". mi
i feel like
i feel good baby i feel great who cares if we go crazy i vote for for the top social artlist award #btsbbmas
i feel as if my wishes won't come tru.
i feel so empty
i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somethin
(why do i feel like this?) bum bum be-dum bum bum be-dum bum #premiosmtvmiaw #mtvcolabrihanna
girls are mean. why couldn't it be like "dang girl nice taste in that dress, i feel you" whys it gotta be "i look better
oh yeah i feel you lmao , just gone head and smoke chill
i wonder if i feel hurt or just broken
no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feel
the closer this full moon gets, the more sensual i feel.
i feel for my baby. her baby daddy got some nerves. but it's going to be okay though. .
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
i don't argue anymore if i feel you childish i cut that <bleep> and go on with life tired of wasting time on pointless <bleep> peop
made a life changing decision, and i feel good about myself now :-)
i just turned off twitter night mode and i feel like i just stepped into the sun. so bright.
i feel like i need an achievement after tonight
me not talking to you was supposed to be a good thing for you, but it's tearing me apart. i feel like a horrible person. #imissyou
i feel like i changed.. in a good way thoughi guess i'll go out with you, guren. i-it's only because i feel sorry for you!i feel so sick and terriblei feel like my family are more proud of my accomplishments then i am! nothing but loveeeeis cooper tall? i feel like all actors are short. but tucker's voice might be throwing me.i feel like i'm never good enough or pretty enough for anyonei feel like a whole new person after i shaved, exfoliated, and got my nails and eyebrows done lmaowho am i fooling? myself. idk why i do this to myself tbh.. waiting for no reason.. i stg man. all this <bleep> i feel is crazy. no one.i feel like i'm always out doing something im never actually homei feel like im foodi'm blem forreal.. i might just say how i feel ..i honestly have such a traumatic childhood. i don't tell many people because i feel like their perspective on me changes.i feel like im always doing stuff for other people, but nothing is ever good enough.still trying to understand how i feel about you.i been a go getter , so i feel like if i can make some shake on my own then so can you!i feel it. i'm not used men saying all that. he hasn't seen my full pro blackness or black feminismi feel weird.oh yeah i meant the album by saying la trenza omg i feel it. that was me and yo te quii am astonished by these comments. i feel angry. i am determined, more than ever, to be that indigenous voice in congress.at this point what's the point of sleeping. i feel the same way either waysheesh i feel bad for u sonomg same everyone's so emo and i feel like they'll hate methis is how i feel about my cat.i feel lik a lot of my mutuals r annoyed by me im jus lettin u kno u dnt have to follow me break the mutual if u want toi had taquitos for lunch so i feel uhe's lucky i'm not the <bleep> i used to be but i feel like people really want me to go back to the old mei don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feelif i feel like you pushing me away ima let you !i feel like now i should be the 5 time tri county <bleep> eating champ since i was 3 time way long agomy heart hurts so much this is why i can't stand girls i feel like such an <bleep> now just because i didn't want to get played. i'm gonna cryat this point, going to sleep early doesn't even matter because i feel the same way everydayi feel like i remember it sort of but not really skdkksksks who gon show usit's so funny seeing girls randomly tweet "lol" because girl i feel u. what he do?i wanna win but i feel like i'm not gonna #q100liambeing done with nursing is so weird. i feel so bored all the timei feel bad for the people that will never get to experience how funny i amstill don't know how i feel about studio apartmentsi feel bad for that jazz guy, he just wanted to dunk iti feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of ei feel bad for his eyesi feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmaswhen my friend tells me "nah steph you don't have time for <bleep>" biiiitch i'll have <bleep> when i feel like it tf it's my <bleep>can we do something else for charity i wanna talk again lol. i feel like were best friends now.bianca just asked me what the song was that we danced to at my quince. why do i feel like she's gonna make a flipagram for my birthdaywhen ever i have my hair up like hella high up like i'm talking my hair hurts up , i feel so <bleep>i , what about y'alli feel exhausted all over.sometimes i feel like i'm just too <bleep>in realso happy i don't have to go to work tomorrow, i feel awful![i feel you.]i admit that i feel accomplished when i can get right in the feels with my findings.i'm grumpy and anxious far too much these days. i feel like we have lost our counti feel so mixed about these games...not sure how i feel about the blade runner sequel.i feel like some really big blessings are coming my way sooni feel so proud of them! army squad i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmas. ti feel like it's a second <bleep> bc it always bulges out and throbs when he sees ustoday, i turned off the lines to my sprint tablets. i feel like i should cut my hair loli feel this emptiness in my chesti feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisgirl i feel thati can't, yo. i feel so proud of her. haha.i get jealous because sometimes i feel i'm not good enough for you, and might lose you to someone better.i feel good baby i feel great who cares if we go crazy i vote for for the top social artlist award #btsbbmasi feel like absolute <bleep>.i feel datouter body, that's just how i feel when i'm around you shawtydo i feel like a dumb <bleep> <bleep>? yes. yes i do.i feel so sicki feel that. i just don't want to let california off the hook too easy :)i feel like maybe houston could get one going crazy with the 3 balli feel like i'm annoying everybody so i'm going to bed goodnighti feel like leaking a track off the globe wave...who want it.? 20 rts and it's yours. no hands produced byi feel something strange in the air.army squad i feel very content being an army and i know our boys will be happy when we vote as top social arti
outside: i'm happy. everything is okay. inside: i'm starting to self destruct from this sadness that i feel.
i feel like i'm doing it all wrong
i feel like girls forget they should always be treated like a queen, after 3 months or 3 years nothing should change
i was sick all spring break, and i feel like i'm getting again
all i wear is black all i feel is blue
wow i feel the love
idk whether to cry or scream or what but i feel like i need to do something or my head will literally pop
i feel the same way but i do care whenever i don't see ya post i'm like wat happened
i feel so alone in the big world
i feel played i hate feeling played
i feel like i'm the only person who enjoys talking on the phone
i feel bad for the mates who approached me jn cos i cant talk due to ulcer until i have to type ugh :'(
i feel so dead rn
i feel like i'd like it. they talked it up to me and said apply so i gave it a shot
after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks will
i swear night time i feel most alive.
it's weird when ppl respond to my messages at the same time. i feel like someone is out to get me when it happens lol
u know i feel yah my friend. hugsss
i feel asleep.
i feel so bad for some of y'all, but i ain't gonna say <bleep>. cuz when it was me? no one didn't give a <bleep>. so ima just l
i feel a album coming soon, i hope my senses are correct
if you don't know how to hustle, i feel sorry for you
i feel like i don't belong
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
i feel like it'd be a bit odd to narrow based on that, compared to what your actual duties would be
was having suh a good day and now i feel like shytt
the worst thing about using my nasal allergy spray is the ten minutes of insufferable burning i feel in my nose until i can breathe again
i feel like i had a blessed day..
legit i feel famoose
i feel like this is a foil to vex's haggle-the-shit-out-of-everything tactic. that was almost twice the price. #criticalrole #ep45
i can't even cook and i'm excited to make my own meals, lol. that's how terrible i feel.
it's like an avalanche, i feel myself go under.
i feel so old
aquarias death drops always scare me i feel like she's gonna break her foot
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel so,,, stupid
i have a long night full of homework and i'm listening to for me + you and i feel energetic omg
random thought but i feel like i've never seen a cop pumping gas.. so they have pumps at the troop or what??
i feel like yoongi's probably more left leaning than namjoon
i feel like i'm the only pretty girl that likes other pretty girls like myself
i feel like calling someone
i feel like a damn hippie doing that <bleep>
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
haha xd i feel bad sometimes but if you're rude or something then i won't like you but i'll pretend to lol
sometimes i feel good with my own skin
this is a temporary feeling but i thought i'd share it to get it out of my system: i feel stuck and feel like i'm going no
there are times when i feel broken, though i know that in those moments, god's still got me. he still loves me. he's sti
why do i feel so wrong.... i should be happy
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel like i wear the same garras every week but at this point in my career, i only care abt have time for comfort ://
some days i feel like i need to hire a helper...then other days im irritated af and a helper would just piss me off
would everyone who follows me be ok with sketches here? i feel like that would make my social presence more consistent.
talking to my family in west virginia i feel like a drug dealer taking orders to smuggle into the hills!
shower <bleep> really is trash i feel you sis #oitnb
every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...
okay i'm having a conversation with a friend and honestly i feel impressed to do this thread for girls on... "the indecisi feel usometimes i feel the people who are closest to you will believe in someone else's dream before they believe in yoursand his report was authored in december. we are currently in may. clapper's lasti can't even explain how i feel anymore, my thoughts are so messed up in my head that i don't even understand them.fae1 "i feel like no one loves me."got my haircut now i feel like husband materiali feel personally attacked in his class. like to the point where i'm terrified and dread going to his class because of his harassment.this is probably my favorite metroid after prime 1&amp;2. i feel like of all metroids this is the one that should be called just "metroid"if i had to describe how i feel in one word it would be blahif i feel disrespected they gone shoot when i tell them!i feel like everyone needs a friend like dj khaledsometimes i distance myself when i feel like no one wants me around anymorei feel you... but for the sake of kisses we just ignore them and spread the love #kissesdelavinme: i feel rlly happy today! my anxiety, depression, and various other mental illnesses settling in slowly: i feel rllyme trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks willi feel like one of those paid instagram models when i talk about it but like i'm in shock it works so welli feel like said this crapi know! i haven't even been able to see her today since it happened and she's already asleep and i feel so bad.i feel so handsome herei wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti just wanna cry my eyes out im so drained so tired of life i feel alonei feel like i'm chaperoning a middle school dance every time i log onwakasa "now, i feel a calmness, and a security, that i never felt before." (sweet ending)idk if i feel or over this threadi feel bad for ppl that don't get my sense of humor bc they probably just think i'm an idiot which i am but stilli feel so inspired at night.i'm sad because i feel like i'm constantly running into a brick wall that will never givefrom your hands, i feel your warmth i vote for bts #btsbbmasvote for the #btsbbmas top social artist award i feel like i woke up one morning and jk was suddenly a man... ai feel like im begging for everyone's time to be with meat this point, going to sleep early doesn't even matter because i feel the same way everydayi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we oni love madamitsu!!! i feel like ive tweeted it fifty times but i want u all 2 knowand i feel like tony montanauuuuuuggghhhhhh i feel like <bleep>i feel more like a citizen of the internet than of my own country.im gonna start editing my vlog now oh my god guys i feel like i'll be crying the whole time im editingrun errands three days straight. doesn't matter if you're on your p. lol i feel so mature habahawe're having a same problem but in a difference situation and i feel like auwwwwwww cutenya!ray allen accidentally tweeted a <bleep>t dm and vanished from twitter. i feel like he unsubscribed from the internet completely after that.i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happenthis is my first time being flipped off, took almost 6 months... i feel lots of pride rn.do you ever feel so empowered by the beautiful women in your life?? i feel this everydaysometimes i feel tired, but now, i have 7 reasons to stay here, and all have beautiful smilesi feel like all my organs are burning in hellahah i feel thatthat kid is what i feel like u r irli feel like following would keep me young, if i knew what she was saying. #nohabloespaoli feel i miss you.. i feel i love you.. but sometimes you make me being hurt.femi adesina defending this disaster of a govt is the hardest job anybody can do in this century!! i feel for the mani have to get ready for work in 1 minute and i feel like jumping into an industrial smelteri feel so annoying and the pressed i want to dieis the angel of fear as i feel it shld be turns into faith. angel of faith fear is ego and negative. im so happy i have iti feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we onit's been a rough 24 hours for kingston i feel so bad for himi feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing mei feel like burning flowers. all over the country."i feel like a glazed donut"goodmorning i feel so happy and ready to take on a productive day weeeeeeeeeeeeactually i feel like jhope was easy to recognize idk whyseeing that sf9 asia fan meeting tour and all are visa free to my passport but i ain't got money for tickets i feel attacked!ugh i feel like the show has been dragged out for too long
i feel like i've seen plenty of coverage over the past few weeks, but not a whole lot since.
i'm a shy person and on the internet i feel like i can be my true self.
i legitimately just thought how bad i feel for people who don't have as many amazing friends as i do and how bad their lives must be
i feel like i'm from the past and the future and idk how that's possible but somehow i know it is.
blizzard is too deep in <bleep> though so i feel you xd
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
it was literally just fun. i feel like marvel is about to hit us with something hella depressing
i feel like if you going be mad about a <bleep> taking a pic with yo baby you shouldn't have let yo bm become a single moth
yeah it's hot in here i feel ya
sometimes i feel like im too much to handle when i get emotional i feel like a burden
sometimes i feel so lonely
"ahh i feel like a virile ox. " -marlton johnson
i feel this deeply
i want keishk to be part of the coup but not the orchestrator. i feel like that'd take away from suwon's character.
i know my self worth and if i feel like someone doesn't appreciate it i will drop them as fast as i picked them up .
i feel like famous dex communicates like a pokemon but instead of saying <bleep> like "pika pika" he goes "dexter dexter! uh
i feel stupid
i feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied by
whelks ? nasty ? i feel attacked on so many levels .
there are nameless moments like this when i feel you softly against my skin perfect calm perfect love perfect y
i feel as if social media makes people feel like they have to be in a relationship
i feel like he suffered a few million dollars gift in a hidden foreign account sometime arou
when i think of you, i feel my heart explode with happiness.
i feel so bad for my guardian angel, she prolly stressed out like a mf
i could write a whole essay on how i feel but if someone ask me what's wrong ima reply "nun i'm straight"
this gig is but i've been awake since 4:30am and i feel dead.
johnny: i feel thankful when my parents contact me from time to time. they always call me at the right time, when i feel ti
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
i feel like all i buy is food and uber
my heart is pounding and i feel like ima pass out but i gotta stay up to get my hair done
i feel like it's not gonna drop till 5 tomorrow... that's when the psn store updates
it's great all the time, but at night i feel like it speaks to me tbh
mfs be like kys u <bleep>in <bleep> u n ur whole family n squad lame as <bleep> thats jus how i feel
i never believed anyone when they said high school goes by fast but now i'm graduating and i feel like i just started
i feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more. -dr. jonas salk
honestly i'll miss emma swan so much but she hasn't been emma in so long and right now all i feel is relief
why do i feel so worthless?
i feel like wasting a <bleep> time.
i've been crying the whole day, i feel like <bleep>..
i feel for my man he did his thing out there and got it taken away over nothing. #itsastupidrule
god knows what i feel inside.
god keeps on blessing me.. at times i feel like i don't deserve it
absolutely, one day i feel i have my entire life figured out, the next i don't know what the hell i'm doing, let alone how i go
if i feel like i'm bothering you, i will fall back.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feel
i feel like this whole super team thing got the league to the point where players just gonna get the money for 10 seasons then ring chase
i feel like death
i'm broken. he's my healer. i'm overwhelmed. he's my peace. i feel alone. he's w/ me always. i'm a sinner. he's my sav
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i finished the office and now i feel empty
my performance at the gym wasn't 100% today this disappoints me but i'm hella tired i feel like i can't get my energy back to be on point
exactly, cause if i do it and you just smile and say thanks, i feel like u don't even fw me fr
girl i feel it
i feel for dr. linda martin. she's a real counselor, but lucifer wants the quick fix. #deceptivelittleparas
holy duck i feel this so hardthe word "sad" doesn't really describe what i feel anymore because i feel much more than just sadi feel so weird today...hate getting comfortable then things go left, like shorty did you forget you was my friend first ? yes i feel some typethe way i feel i don't want to communicate with knowonei feel alone.i feel like being elsa,i feel illi feel like no <bleep> could ever treat my man better than i do, or even love him as much as i doi feel very happy with myself right now. clean room. all my classes are coming to an end. and comin-con is just around the corner.i feel sick over trump's <bleep>care bill. insurance companies will deny coverage to people with arthritis. even childrenugh i feel grossi feel like that rn and i have a partneri feel stupid cause i still pray for you.rp w/me or something i feel like i'm slowly losing my rp mojoi feel sorry for molyneux. he really does try, i feel, but really struggles in execution.i didnt work out today now i feel gross ):devastated to see the verdict. i feel sick.god knows what i feel inside.every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...i feel so sick i don't want to leave my houseout of body, that's just how i feel when i'm around you shawtystaying home today bcs i feel like it's the best thing to doi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happenmy heart is racing and i feel dizzy. idk whyive spent 9 months here in bukidnon, and i feel like im in vacation... loli feel like i haven't said this in a while so just to reconfirm: i love harry styleslmao i feel you! it's prolly just an aries thang, i ain't mad tho. honestly i was just surprised u knew bout gardena hahahai feel like every girl has been able to relate to the song better man at least once in their lifelet's begin this is war oh, to see you pleased with some one else earnest love that is sin i will show how i feeli feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we oni feel like i5 is gonna be the team to be on #hungryalso i feel like a dreameri feel bad about squishing bugs but then i remember they cant feel pain and they dont belong in my housei needah change my hoop to a new type of metal cuz i feel like im allergic to the my silver hoopi feel more accomplished finishing my first year of college than i did graduating from high schooli feel a gaze on me. following me.i feel sickkkklord knows i'm blessed but sometimes i feel cursedi feel like typing lol after a sentence makes me sound less annoying.. but probs not..i feel stupid <bleep> <bleep> i just spent 2 hours looking for my debit card and it was in my back pocket smhi'm always w tristan so when i'm not i feel like something is missing it makes me feel so lonely :(i feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more. -dr. jonas salkhonestly i'll miss emma swan so much but she hasn't been emma in so long and right now all i feel is reliefi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel like streaming some horizon zero dawni feel like a bother to every single person in my liferemember that one time i ate too much chinese at the mall, and it ended up in the parking lot, i feel like that nowso many people are in beckman and i feel like my groups study spot has been compromisedi feel so sick idk whyinstead of telling you how i feel, i tweet.maybe one day but not anytime soon i feeli want to talk about nsfw victuuri but i feel like i do it way too much so im not going toyou either grow together or grow apart. that's the reality. sometimes i feel that people confuse "effort" with "forcini feel as if this week is taking forever to end, like c'mon. i only have 2 days left, why can't finals just be papersi feel like cryingi feel like david is too nice and he is so outgoing n popular imma los in crowd lolno amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feeli feel awful and i want to be heldi feel like such a fat gluttonous <bleep>i feel like guys who refuse to date strippers have insecurities of their own, and need to stop blaming it on us/a jobapparently i ain't <bleep>. i feel attacked.i feel good baby i feel great who cares if we go crazy i vote for for the top social artlist award #btsbbmasi feel that. you're def not wrong.some <bleep> is gonna go real...real down. i feel it.i feel every time i hear his voice i think there is an angel singing with me thisi feel <bleep>ty !!i feel like everyone hates me i'mtrust me i feel the same way
out of body that's just how i feel when i'm around you, shorty.
i feel like the whole 'phandom' is playing a huge game of wait and see if phan is real...
i hate when i feel like i'm tripping
i really need to learn kor bc i feel like i annoy my coworker every time i ask her to translate somethin for me omg
i find times where i feel so bad but then instantly feel better. i choose to believe it's because someone prayed for me in that moment.
when i feel directly disrespected i will and am going to speak up about it.
i feel myself changing. i don't laugh the same anymore, i don't smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everyt
first time reverting my twitter back to daytime mode and honestly, i feel blind.
i can't even explain how i feel anymore, my thoughts are so messed up in my head that i don't even understand them.
dear phone, thanks for being there when i feel alone and out of place.
i feel so drained. i don't have the energy to deal with anything or anyone. sleep sounds wonderful. days and days of sleep.
you do good and you just can't win i feel so bad
i had to much of my inhaler and now i feel sick
i feel like seen references will never get old or eventually cost me a bunch of followers.
i feel so bad for my baby doggy ear infection <bleep>s
i feel uncomfortable when you have your own name as your display
i feel like i am not all that fun to rp with :)
my god i feel this way about one person in particular too. ive unfollowed 2 ppl for him everyday
random, but i feel like i might be willing to give ff3 another shot after reading up on it a bit.
just followed a private insta and got denied. i feel disrespected
devastated to see the verdict. i feel sick.
i feel like i'm out of my mind, it feel like my life ain't mine
that would be awesome!! but i feel you. it would be great to see you, hopefully soon
and i feel ashamed to have ever complained
ok i feel attacked right now
girl i done reached mine. i feel you
literally these all describe how i feel where can i order
kinda scared to give it another chance coz i feel like whenever i decide to give someone my best efforts, they take it for gra
i feel like i've applied to so many places to work this summer and i never get contacted back, lol
i feel like i blocked that weird elf guy from diamond is unbreakable from my memory until just now
where are these gifs coming from?!?!?! i feel attacked
awe i feel n i imagined how you laugh till you drop sis hahaha #
i feel like i'm already tired tomorrow
and for some reason, i feel compelled to put these pieces back together.
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
my email client is stuck on the trash folder and refuses to exit out, and i feel like it's trying to tell me something about my life.
i feel so stressed out, i just want school to end already
but if my husband really wants to know how i feel he just needs to listen to one and only by adele of course and then he'l
i feel like maybe i'm the only one who sees nothing cute about <bleep>es looking 29 turning 21,22
how can i feel so great one minute and so depressed the next
i feel like blackbear and mansionz speaks to my soul
same. i feel really uneasy. i mean, we're the best team with the best coach; we've gotta finish the job.
i feel different with you!
this girl just gonna keep looking stupid i feel bad for her
i feel so fat haaaay
i feel sick.
i feel dead inside
sometimes i feel like im too much to handle when i get emotional i feel like a burden
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i feel like i'm just digging myself deeper and deeper
i feel blessed!
my niece and nephew slept with me last night and now i feel so lonely without them
i feel so big and ugly
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i feel like this would taste good though
i feel like i'm just like clay jensen: i can never finish the episodes just like he couldn't finish the tapes
i feel like i cause more bad than good
sometimes i feel like i know to much
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
i feel like you still young minded if you hate hearing the truth like grow tf up accept <bleep> for what it is.
i feel better when i'm tan
2017 is fire right? aaaa i feel so happy
love it when i feel so energised after yoga with that i also go for a walk. #cfs #chronicfatiguesyndrome #beatingcfs
i feel like everyone is gonna be mad at me for being sick why am i like this.
lol i feel you... imo best series has been memphis spurs. hopefully we get something in conf finals
i feel like this is indirectly about what i said about you seeming down.... just sayingwhy do i feel so meh todayi feel both.i feel so sick.//i feel really sorry for your ears. i can't even tell the songs apart. d:i feel like <bleep>. i hate allergies!!!!!i feel too deeply, it's really a cursei feel like y'all need to stop and think about how brilliant i am for a sec.it's just so frustrating bc i want to be there for him and help him but i feel like he won't let mebeen listening to ed sheeran's songs and i feel softno but sincerely, i feel like a lot of topics in that episode weren't touched on ever again. lovely placed plot holes.about to hit a walk real quick or drive idk depending if i feel lazy or noti feel attacked.counting bands i feel like that <bleep> amon tommy hilfiger the main thing we have in common i go to kay's andi'm wearing my gorillaz shirt i feel goodi feel like im about to cry, being nominated was really big thing for them and now they're attending we need to winsome nights i feel so alone..devastated to see the verdict. i feel sick.i saw her profile once again and <bleep> i feel like i'm going to throw upi feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied byat this point, going to sleep early doesn't even matter because i feel the same way everydayi don't know what should i feel right now.if not i feel bad for you omg. ;;i feel like one day bts gon do something wild on a vlive nd they jus not gon be able to erase it or take it backjust because i don't show how i feel doesn't mean it's not killing mei feel extremely stressed out and alone with nowhere to turn despite the people around me.i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we onto anyone who hated our previous president as much as i do our current one: i feel your pain i can't understand it, but i can empathizei feel your music on another level... and i think i can help you take it to another level...on some days i feel like hans zimmer, and on other days like joe hisashi. there's no in betweeni feel like sm denies irene of dance stages like the ones seulgi does, bc she's not supposed to be the "girl crush" member.i feel like maybe i'm the only one who sees nothing cute about <bleep>es looking 29 turning 21,22why do i feel like i know what question he gave youi feel like my faith won't let me down on this oneno one could ever change the way i feel , baby it's you me against the worldi'm blem for real , i might just say how i feel...never been in shower this early in my life n i feel so refreshed n alive, it's like i'm a new women a feel like climbing mount everesti know words cut deep but sometimes you really say things you don't mean. i feel like actions hurt more. you really meathe days are going by so fast, i feel like i never have time anymorei feel like i've undone all my progress from the last few months just in the last few daysman i feel good! just in my prime as i go around and breed all the little cuties, just come right here and bucko will take care of ya~i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happenup to you guys: i feel like doing plush videos again. what do you think?i feel uselessi feel so blessed talaga today huhu thank you lord sa 300mi feel sorry for you bitter <bleep>es. i pray yall find happiness and stop hatingi feel so unsettled rnit's monday and i feel stressed... ugh this is gonna be a loooong week + i just took another shifti feel like all my friends are stunning on them and i dress wack af smh im the ugly friendi feel like i'm the only one who hasn't <bleep>ed/isn't <bleep>ing anyone from the tli need your love i need your time when everything's wrong you make it right i feel so high i come alive i need to be freghetto and articulate depends on how i feeloh dang i feel you, but good lucki feel ya gurli feel like i'm always up at night bored lonelyi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel like this isn't very covert for a spy loli love it i love him so much i cant say it enough because i feel like no one will ever know just how much i love himi'm gonna try to really just keep everything to myself, i feel as if i tweet too much about my problems.how much i feel like flipping the table when i realised wontak, gunmin has been eliminated. (this thought came when i watched ep3/4 again)okay i'm having a conversation with a friend and honestly i feel impressed to do this thread for girls on... "the indecis
when specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i ow
people don't sit there and think about how i feel. i can explain myself over over, but no one will understand.
i don't normally get sick but when i do i feel like death
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel like i lose so much hair every time i shower and it isn't getting any better
seeing grad pics make me sad bc i feel like i'm so behind
was the apple music footage leaked? it's not on the official account...i feel so bad for watching it now...
i feel emotionally dyslexic sometimes
i want <bleep> everyday. i feel like i should be able to have it. it's my right.
#terrifictweeptuesday when i feel like i got no1,at le
never eating a whole bag of hot cheetos w/ cheese i feel bloated as fuq
i feel you on that
i feel it coming...
no offense but every single day i go to school the closer i feel to the singing bust statues from the haunted mansion featur
i've been "studying" all day and i feel like i don't know anything
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
dumb <bleep>es. i feel so bad for the guy. gets deported + wife and friends are total <bleep>s.
i feel bad act :'( they have many movies and dramas but i couldn't watch all
once i feel avoided by you, i'll never disturb you again.. i promise!
i feel my best in all black it's so classy
i feel so disappointed with my own country's people, government, and rules. #indonesia #tidakpernahadil #bodoh
"i feel the need, the need for need" - capitalism
why do i feel like something bad has happened
i feel so weird. so insecure.
i feel like this is long overdue...
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
i feel like when michael latta says the word roommate he probably puts a weird emphasis on the mate part
i feel this so hard, i live in west virginia. we're gonna make it tho. *air-hug*
i feel like sm denies irene of dance stages like the ones seulgi does, bc she's not supposed to be the "girl crush" member.
i ate too much spaghetti i feel so sick...
yho i feel so much better
congrats mr.@ktrtrs this is possible because of u n ur dad's ruling only.but i feel bad for that bcz im from ap
i feel like it's justice from their perspective, not from law.
holy <bleep> i'm so high i feel like i'm sitting right next to god.
i feel like life is crashing down on me and all i want is an escape.
i feel like ian connor when carti went his own way. no hate i wish d savage the best i put over 200k into his campaign.
my heart has been so heavy tonight and i feel like i'm physically suffocating with the thoughts in my head currently
sometimes i feel so alone
today i feel ashamed to be indonesian citizen. #ahokfree #ahok
i feel like now days you can't have actual fuccin friends without people thinkin yall fuccin around. like gahdamn we can't
"dude i feel like eric's story's take up so much <bleep>ing room on my phone" <bleep>ing zavala man lmao
i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist. i feel the sharp reality more every day
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
the way guys feel when they get a haircut is the same way i feel when i do my hair a full face. hide yo man
i feel like giving up otc
doing nth all day really stresses me out bc i feel like im wasting my whole life but im like too stressed out to actually s
everybody said it would hurt in the end, but i feel nothing.
i feel like we really put <bleep>s on notice this year all praise to the most high
my first boyfriend bought a house with the girl he met after me and my second had a child with the girl he met after me
*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loser
hey my country <bleep>s up again and i feel like <bleep>
lol okay i feel you
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i literally feel like crying right now because i feel so overwhelmed with life.
quick story: young kid, high dreams. kids. hope he does great things. i feel your story, i did what i did, to help you out. goodluck
i feel way to good, way to much
sometimes i feel like i wanna leave this place for good
i love sherika , i feel like i've know that <bleep> alllllll my life .
god really gonna bless me i feel it
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't existthis week is gonna be great i feel iti feel like im 21 savage... i pull up <bleep> ya daughter...i feel you. not exactly because insomnia, but i played space engineers until 3hours before i have to get up againi fell and skinned my knee someone come kiss it then snuggle me til i feel better :(i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti always feel as if i'm not good enough in anything i do. the doubt and insecurities eat me alive. i feel like i'm not changing at allever since i've dyed my hair brown, i feel 10x uglier than i even did before :((i feel like there's a lack of imagination. why is there such complacency of misogyny yet ultra defensiveness of women closhow most of you obsess over coconut oil is how i feel about honey , changed my life loli'm way too much for just one <bleep> that's how i feelwhy exert that much effort anyway kung hindi naman naaappreciate. haha. i feel resentment and hate bubbling up the surface.omg i feel like the other cube guy (not lai guanlin) looks like eunwoo a littlei feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.devastated to see the verdict. i feel sick.i might <bleep> it depends on if i feel i deserve it. i love me very much ill do any thing for me.y this sound like an urban dictionary post lmaooooo i feel bad for youi will tell u straight up how i feel if i get frustratednow i feel badsometimes i feel like if i had a group of friends or just a few close people in my life i'd be a little more okayi feel really happy when i see you, because when i look at you and see your smile, it also makes me have a smile. #aldutoday i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of lovesometimes...i want to give people advice on higher education but i feel like the wrong person to be doing that.i feel so lonely sometimesi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we onmaybe i need a big change like this whatever happens i feel like the universe is telling me not to fight itwhy i feel sad today for no reasonmost deep hatred started as love.. y'all still feeling the same energy.. i feel like love/hate one and the same..i feel like i just swallowed something that's extremely hot!!!! feeling sicki feel like even if ivan wasn't my cousin we'd still be <bleep>s170507 #party_baby #budapest_boom #daehyun #bap # do what i feel part1 #i feel such immeasurable pain at the small things.the love my dog shows me when i feel hopeless is what gets me through the day.i feel like music makes up a huge part of the relationship, like put me on new artists and throwback artists put me on and i'll do the same"i see.. you know how i feel about you drinking.. especially at night.."i voted for the #bbmas top social artist award #btsbbmas i feel so happy when i see this confirmationgod knows what i feel inside.i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arminstead of telling you how i feel, i tweet.answers: "i guess they look at us as role models, so i guess i'm proud." - j "i don't know, i feel amazing." - nhow i feel rneverytime i see a good haknyeon post trending on pann i feel so happy &gt;&lt;i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we oni feel like everyone hates me now ?? no one seems to want to talk to me ://i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back home #btsbbmaswhen i hear the music i like most i feel like i touch the soul..the only reason im mkaing this game is because 1) i feel like im the only one who can do it 2) ive always wanted to have a good roblox gameremember how cher horribly fails her drivers test in clueless? i feel like that's going to be me.i just went on a junk food bender. not sure how i feel about it other than lethargy.i feel like rocky music would've been appropriate as kim and jimmy were walking up the stairs. #bettercallsauli feel it coming .....i just got asked how many guys i've kissed i feel 12
if i feel disrespected, i have the right to speak up
i feel you
i feel refreshed
moment of separation...babies being taken away from their mothers for good...a scum can be heard laughing..i feel like
i feel unloved.
i feel like i function like a normal human who can concentrate and work without being distracted/fidgety at hours i should be a
wow i feel the love today
son i feel like if a <bleep> go straight to a gun... he can't fight.
i feel victoria's pin. sneak attacks are not nice.
i feel like marriages fail cause people think love is easy and just give up
i been taking workout too much where i feel like it don't even work anymore
suddenly i feel like why am i so stupid
really hate when i feel like i'm bothering someone or i'm giving more effort then they are
i feel like there should be a written test or something you have to pass before you can become president
i feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.
the words 'solid' 'dope' and 'neat' have slowly creeped their way into my vocabulary and i'm not sure how i feel about it
i feel like a flower every time i see a garden what the heck
no one and nothing can ever change how i feel about you
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
now i know why people say rib tattoos hurt lol i feel you.
i'm not a jealous gf. i'm just territorial, what's mine is mine. if i feel somebody trying to take what's mine, the 'atta
ngl but i feel like i don't fit in with any kind of group of people on twitter :&lt;
the only time i feel alright is by your side, girl i want to be with you all of the time, all day and all of the night
at this point, going to sleep early doesn't even matter because i feel the same way everyday
i feel so bad i havent done your emojis, after a while i get lazy lmao. your sisters are crazzzzy!!! i love them and your laugh
i feel for all suffering from #adpocalypse, but i'd be lying if i said i wasn't relieved that my adsense broke at the mos
army squad i feel very content being an army and i know our boys will be happy when we vote as top social arti
sometimes i feel like i'm incapable of love because if anyone hurts me i'll just hurt them much worse
now every time i walk around without pants on i feel like suddenly i'm about to be part of a horror movie
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
like i actually i feel so damn good right now. thank you to anyone who has comforted me after the previous depressing tweets
i feel vhong when he said hi to jodi but he got no response at all. #showtimeamayzing
i feel like i have no idea what i'm doing , oh well
170507 #party_baby #budapest_boom #daehyun #bap # do what i feel part1 #
i'd say thnx but i feel personally victimized
i feel like ms. sun wanted me , don't argue
.@garybarlow .@howarddonald you two need to join the dundee girls on a night out. i feel we'd have a ball! .@gibronay h
when i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave me
devastated to see the verdict. i feel sick.
i feel like i'm getting ruder by the day but i can't even help it i'm just getting sick and tired of humans in general
my mood rn is even though im and i feel it everyday
*reads a name that though spelled differently is pronounced the same as a certain someone's name* okay i feel less angry now
after spending 8.30 hours in air berlin i feel like i can speak fluent german. and i need to barf #jetlagged #travellife
sometimes i feel misunderstood. i don't speak up as often as i should because i'm afraid that i really dont make much se
i feel like thursday is really sad tuesday got the whole taco thing.
i feel like not enough people are talking about how great is. seriously, go watch both seasons on netflix. do it
i feel bad for james though. he just wants to help #supergirl
i will <bleep> rainbows after hearing two ghosts i feel it
geez!! i feel like am in an interview
i feel like too many things are happening today
i feel alot better without them! i took them out for david though, and he threw my barbels out of the window
i feel so brand new like literally , my bank account right, my son is happy the guy i'm talking to is everything i ever needed .
2 hours later the caffeine is kicking in i feel invincible tbh
i can't help but to b naturally blunt, u will kno how i feel, ion hold my tongue for nobody when things need to b said
cc i feel like you will understand.
i feel like chorro con sangre today
my littlest sister is still salty i moved out two years ago haha i feel u
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i feel better when i'm tan
my cousin went to a chainsmokers concert and i feel ashamed of even calling him my cousin now
i feel bad for you, truly.. having to hop from boy to boy just to have a friend
why did i stay up until 1:45 am i feel like such <bleep>
i feel like i'm already behind on schoolwork for next semester
i need to meal prep but i feel so lazyi feel youi feel like you could pull any random <bleep> out of your <bleep> and tell me john green said it and i would automatically hate iti feel like i've spoken to 100 people today. #catchingup #customerservice #adulting #futureplansi feel like i'm drowning sometimes i'm so frustrated i hate having emotions sometimes i wish i didn't feel at alli feel eyes on mei feel bad for laughing at him nowi feel your pain, i'm off work this week sick too xi feel like floyd in this may weather thoughthe feeling is toxic i feel like i'm boxing demonsmake up toym bc i feel distressedi feel i need to <bleep> every female i ever <bleep>ed before now because i've developed better <bleep> that i didn't give themsometimes i feel like i don't push myself enoughi feel like sokka when he drank that cactus justice i vote for for #btsbbmasi feel so dumb, that woman was irritating mecan you believe, whenever i'm sick (especially stomach pain), i watch got7 videos (any video), and literally i feel nothisometimes i feel like i'm in this world by myself. i guess it's better that way it makes u strongeri feel uncomfortable when someone talk about my unluckinessi feel like a proud mother why i vote for for the #bbmas top social artist award #btsbbmasi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happenonly the lonely know the way i feel tonight. - roy orbison #aldubxdtbytibokngpusoand tbh i feel like i have literally zero words to speak .i feel obligated to let you know that i ran every single red light on my way homeafter spending 8.30 hours in air berlin i feel like i can speak fluent german. and i need to barf #jetlagged #travellifewhenever i feel hurt, i put my hands on my heart. the beat makes me realize that i'm alive for a reason.i am voting for for the #bbmas on top social artist award i feel tiredi feel like someone cursed mei feel threatenedsometimes i feel like i'm incapable of love because if anyone hurts me i'll just hurt them much worsei try to handle every situation with kindness, i feel sorry to those who are full of anger but i'm not looking to become ti haven't shaved my legs i feel like an orangutanim sure you can tell that i feel a bit defeated. who is you? i have no audience, and in this case im thankful for that.several hours more sleep and zero booze - so why do i feel worse than yesterday?y do i feel like smth baekhyun is gonna be released today idk maybe another instyle teaser or smh cbx relatednow u feel maybe a fraction of how i feel<bleep> i didn't know that now i feel badi feel like i should probably sleep...maybe maybe notwhen i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave mehave you seen big fish i feel like you'd like that onecause this pain i feel it won't go away #alebarrokapitpai just ordered makeup i feel so proud of myself and nervous at the same timei don't have anything to procrastinate and i feel free yet worthlessi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi'm getting so disrespectful if i feel disrespected. make a <bleep> wish she never said nothing in the first place.i'm surrounded by kids i luv it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i feel like bata againi feel alone whenever i'm not with you.so i should crush the rock and ingest it when i feel troubled? :-)if ur in high school and still give a <bleep> about what people think, i feel sorry for u .if you need help we will help you. as a native male i feel it's my duty to show all people on turtle island that we are herei feel like my mouth is giving birthi feel like one of drake's 8 teams left in the playoffs will win it all. really stoked for him.i feel like i'm that kinda person that's just there like i don't really do much but i'm just around kickin iti feel like deathi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the yeari'm part of the reason on why i feel the way i dogod really gonna bless me i feel itevery time someone isn't interested in talking to me i want to ask them why out of curiosity but i feel like that's passing boundariesi feel so alone goodnight.i'm scared to look under my bed because i feel like you'll be there making that facemy parents raised me to not depend on a guy to spoil me, i dont even like when guys spend money on me, i feel super bad
i feel the loveeee
i feel like lucas and i should always wear matching clothes since we're twins lol
i feel sk bad my parents arw gonna be so disappointed in me
to be honest? i ship alex and hannah and i regret nothing. i feel like it would've changed the entire game if he liked
i feel really sad with that news, i almost crying lol.
my mom got 4 kids but i feel like the only child thts bad if it is idc
yeah, i feel better now, thanks for asking
i feel like id feel so much happier seeing some <bleep>ties on snapchat smh ive been down in the dumps lately
most of the times i feel like i have my life together. then some nights, it's like where did i go wrong?
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
i miss you so much i feel sick
devastated to see the verdict. i feel sick.
thank you god for this bed i'm about to sleep in. i feel blessed.
i've been so sick all day. hopefully i feel better by morning time because i've got one more final.
i feel like sokka when he drank that cactus justice i vote for for #btsbbmas
why am i not relieved...why do i feel empty?
#weareallfabulous beauty is how i feel inside, and it reflects outside too we are all fabulous
i post old videos and photos sometimes i feel like my camera is full i don't really post everything the same day depends if i do or not
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
ive been fighting off this cold for a week. and the winner is.... the cold. i feel like 8lbs of pooh in a 2lb bag.
lmao this was so obviously i feel bad for others i vote for for the top social artist a
i vote for for top social artist award #btsbbmas i feel yet alive the tiresome trip to work and back home
i lost a pound but i feel like the scale is lying
i wish it was that cold here in the lesund area, i feel i didn't got enough winter hehehe, greetings !!
i can't stop watching and smiling. so warmly from this fotos. i feel adam's energy, sunny energy. my heart not a ghost town,
every time i crave taco bell, i feel sick af after eating that kangaroo meat.
i feel so sick rn <bleep>
i feel like i don't relate to people a lot bc i don't keep up with pop culture much. idk what to small talk about a lot of the time.
i feel like i didn't appreciate my time/the general "japan" atmosphere enough while i was there, it wasn't until i came back
i feel like you owe me one.
i feel so blessed to have friends who care about me and who i care about and watch them grow
dude i feel you . i thought i was good but i went back to add more
me: "i want harry to follow me" harry: "i want harry to follow me, shut yo <bleep> <bleep> up ill follow you when i feel like it"
this little girl came to my meet and greet and asked me what my name was i feel humbled and kind of star struck by her ??
sometimes i want to carry my keyboard around in my car but i feel like that would raise way more questions than the ukulele
i feel like i complain more about school/work than anything else on twitter....
i am way too sensitive. i feel so broken when i'm not invited to something
'i feel like i should ask for consent first before i peel any fruit' 'just eat the damn banana' 'it just feels wrong. i'm sorry mr banana'
i feel that you use "fuck boy" too much.
i just wish i could hear your voice when i feel like this because it'll make everything 10x better
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
want some explanation of the same coz the last time my dude was singing like "i fee
to be honest? i ship alex and hannah and i regret nothing. i feel like it would've changed the entire game if he liked her instead.
i've lagged on running bc of midterms and now i feel like a toad
i feel sad n i'm not diggin it i need sleep
i feel you boo
i just wanna cry my eyes out im so drained so tired of life i feel alone
i feel like foreigners come to america and expect to be amazed but the only surprise is that the mcrib is back at mcdonalds
i feel like a savage with nikki as my fc.
rough like a man but thicc like a woman. i feel some type of way about this.
i feel the tao's pull growing with every step we take north.
want to tell her how i feel i dont want to scare her away weve been friends for a long time i dont want to change that today
did he switch to ore when he snapped and revealed loki i feel like he didthat's how i feel about "all teh smol tings". may not be my most watched video, but it's something i can't get away from loli just joined and i got locked out of my account... i feel attackedi feel like arguingi'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingi feel so guilty when i eati feel like i'm from the past and the future and idk how that's possible but somehow i know it is.i feel like there's a joke i'm missing here.i want to get a tattoo but i feel like once i get one i'll end up with sleevesi feel too mature for my age sometimes.no doubt very bad i heard as do i feel for them who know what they eating. it is morel season and i found them near morel patchi feel like texting can lead to so many misunderstandings but when y'all have phone convos you can feel someone's intentions/vibesi feel like i'm really going to be glowing when i get back homei feel like im too nice for my own good.i love you, i'm not drunk. that's what i feel.i just finished my last major exam and i saw minhyuk's video i feel more exhausted than before why is he so energetic whyi'm trying lord but sometimes i feel overwhelmedi stg i feel like you're gonna get it this month. i know you told me that abt me but i feel like u are yes fingers crossednot only that but i feel like men now a days think that you communication=like lol that isn't the casecan someone please explain bruce springstein to me? i feel like i should get itsomeone be my friend and message i feel happy rn bc i'm not sobermore or less, i feel the same, mbar. now i feel like this country betrayed me. people would call me lebay but i don't care.i feel veryi feel so good.i'm eating so much cheese rn i feel bad for kaelynsiri: i'm not sure what you said there poet: i said why do i feel ashamed for being smarti feel like "getting drunk at a bowling alley on a monday night" is my new permanent aesthetic.bedroom and i didn't sleep tonight to clean and prepare myself. for nothing. i feel very desperate. mum also covered my dresses with..#btsbbmas oppa now that your concert is over here in our country which is philippines, i feel mix emotion :3 hajiman manhi saranghaei think i feel especially lonely bc of the shooting i hated feeling lonely after one when i was a kid???? it's just????i feel like i've just been kicked in the stomach.now that i have that calling card on iw, i feel like i can quit that game forever until i get the feeling to play it againjohnny: i feel thankful when my parents contact me from time to time. they always call me at the right time, when i feel tii feel vilei feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artiswhen i don't have my nails done i feel super anxiousi don't understand why some feel the need to try to compete with each other... i feel like what god has for me is for mi feel sorry for i think hell be 80 and someone will be like theyre good walkingsmooth new guy. wow i feel threatened, flirting with everyone is my jobi feel like bts just got to sokor a while ago, but now, they are heading to japan..... take a rest () #btsbbmasi feel it happening all over againi feel like amen hallelujah and don't forget to pray mush just be mushed togetheri feel like aristotle, i don't knw him at all and im not familiar with him but i feel like that <bleep>!jesus i feel rough"and suddenly i feel so afraid of the void~" || young forever i vote for in the #bbmas for top social artist award.#btsbbmasthis is a tuneee i feel like french africans are late to this afrobeats hype but it was bound to happenwhy is it that during the day i feel like i can sleep for 3 years but the second i get in bed i have the energy to run a whole marathon?my daughter is officially 3.. but i feel like she's 16 ... fml, her sass is unbelievablei feel sorry for the folks in your state that are against trump his racist supporters.'i feel so guilty.' in jordan i met heartbroken #syrian mothers forced to let kids work to survive is helping so kii crave for a love so passionate that i feel will not happen till next lifetimei feel da vibes so scrong, so pardon me if i take offense with the wrong context here and therei hate when i feel complacent. i need to step out of my comfort zone soon.if my hand full of friends was consistent like cam.. everything would be .. but i feel .. 80 here ... 90 there ... etc.though he didn't take it with him, i feel so happy cus he knew my love for him.i've been waited this days for 1365days.seems like i draw one thing i feel ok about and then i can't draw anything at all for a long while after thati can't sugar coat the answer for ya, this is how i feel.i feel like #charliehunnam is cheating on us with this press tour but then i realize he's not ours and he has a job to do.@bts_twt i vote for top social artist award #btsbbmas thirteen. "there's no release, i feel you in my dreams."i feel so blessed right now i am so thankful for everything that's happening in my life at the momentgod really gonna bless me i feel iti feel embarrassed for being moslem. i feel sorry for you. i'll stand with youmy little sister is going to be 13 this year and idk how i feel bout thati feel a special kind of happiness when i get to bond with my lil bro over shows i used to watch growing upi feel so loved loves me so muchi feel this at school thank you so muchi feel you man!!! i feel you! i just miss it and miss the old gold good days of boston!
have fun, i feel quite nervous.
i feel it big dawg well <bleep> ima hit you when i touch bacc down in the bay i need some wisdom from the homie lol been a min!!
i feel like it being a very stressful, hard,and emotional semester, i have been rewarded blessed with great opportunities
i feel like a sicky today.. but i will see you soon :x
ima try to say wht i feel instead of holding it in
lol i feel like i read a variation of this tweet on my tl every day
kehlani concert got cancelled. she's sooo sick. i feel so bad and so sad because i might not be able to see her again #sss
i finished two exams and now i feel like i'm done and it's summer... pls help me???? i can't shut down yet
i feel like this is a sitcom in the making.
i've been drinking nothing but water infused water for the past three days and i feel great
i feel like i should bake a cake for on my vegan anniversary day coming up. it seriously has changed me in such a positive way.
lol i feel you. lestruggle huh
really hate when i feel like i'm bothering someone or i'm giving more effort then they are
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
*stays up all night bc i feel guilty abt sleeping my life away******
i feel like i'm always watching diners, drive in and dives even when i don't want to
after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks will
i feel resentful that so much of my time this year has been spent thinking about donald trump, one of the biggest loser
depressed bc i feel like <bleep>ing... having <bleep> <bleep> i'm <bleep>ing <bleep> deprived like some good <bleep> <bleep>
i should not have eaten all that candy at once. i feel like puking
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i'm blunt for real, i just might say how i feel.
ya know, was definitely spot on about the perfect nap! 26 minutes of zzzz time and i feel alive!
i do what i want, when i feel like it
i feel like a big ugly ball of emotions and cramps.
woke up and i feel blessed
i feel like if i knew i wasn't able to <bleep> <bleep> after jaw surgery i wouldn't have gotten jaw surgery
i feel like i deserve to be happy with the man i fell in love with.. but somehow, happiness doesn't come easy for me.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. we on
"something going on,i feel funny,can't tell me nothing's different.my nose twitchin,intuition setting in like sti vision"
i feel alienated
hyo shin just posted loads of pics on insta and i feel personally attacked omg
tbh i feel this yet its also overshadowed by my feelings about uke eugene
sometimes i have to remind myself that i'm only 19... mentally i feel much older and like i'm behind on my life's goals.
i feel like i run better on 5 hours of sleep rather than 7 or 8
i feel like a bother to every single person in my life
i feel personally attacked.
i feel so <bleep>ty...
if i feel single imma act single
[giving toast at my wedding] me: i feel so bless- *nephew says his 1st word* me: *kneels down to him* this is my day, a
i fell in love, now i feel nothing at all
i feel so sick this morning
i feel attacked
words are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you #aldubxdtbytibokngpuso
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
some days i feel like everything is going to be fine until my illness decides to acts up again n i end up lashing out and hu
god knows what i feel inside.
i feel indiasaslichampion is, i feel #indiasaslichampion
i need a tweet resistant phone. i feel my dreams leaving.
but if you see what i see, if you feel as i feel, and if you would seek as i seek, then i ask you to stand beside me, ...
i feel it.
passive aggressive when we're textin i feel the distance...
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. we on
i'm an emotional person i feel everyone 100x more than i should
dear phone, thanks for being there when i feel alone.
i'm an immigrant. i feel like i live in a clancy novel. this
smiling but inside i feel dead
im so tired i feel like im off 3 bars
i feel the connection with and it's incredibly beautiful! she is full of amazing talent #teamgoldengiggles #dwt
sure it's not just morning sickness? are you still getting that? i feel like i don't remember when you weren't pregnant.
i feel tired even though i just woke up
okay he's got friends in <bleep>ing kensington i feel so privileged having rich friends
don't let this video of the boys dancing macarena die ... i can't describe the longing i feel #3yearsof1dinbrazil htt
aw good, and honestly i feel the same! and i'm just waiting to go school, nothing interesting there! x
||: it quit numbing me hours ago so i feel some pain but i'm lit af
i feel like our combined creative minds could put out something productivei feel like i'm going to literally explode today. every single day there is more <bleep> and corruption. our countrtengo calentura and i feel my throat getting sick.outside: i'm happy. everything is okay. inside: i'm starting to self destruct from this sadness that i feel.almost ready to announce something big i've been working on that i hope you'll love! check back tomorrow for more... htti can't wait! i feel a lot better today, i always get anxious when i have the eco shift / i was far too tired for life! <bleep>sometimes i feel like a burden...the hurt i feel when someone leaves the bus seat next to mine for a newly empty one is almost exactly equal to my annoyance whei. feel. gross.in a room full of failures i feel outta placeh8 when i work a night shift and have to work a morning shift the next day. i feel like i get no resti feel like i've been an <bleep>hole or a douchebag lately so...i'm sorry to everyone i've been an <bleep>hole or douchebag to i love you alli feel lovedi feel devastated. i feel the injustice. your humiliation ruins a person's life.i feel like every body tryna look alikei feel like magwinya and cheesei feel like talking major head but i'm a child of god .that's my problem; i think too much, i feel too deeply. what a dangerous combination.i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.i feel like introverts struggle with attachment more than extroverts.i feel most free when i'm doing the things i'd die for.i feel so complete w that phanboy fanficccc its so good so far!!!i really need a massage. i'm the most tense person. i feel like a weird cat that just howls all day that everyone is afraid to pet.that's how i feel when never rt's my tweets...i feel like at least 2 favorited tweets per dayi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel so terrible after i kill a bug, why am i like thiswhich is how i feel about bloodi feel this so strongly isnt this supposed to be a comedy170507 #party_baby #budapest_boom #daehyun #bap # do what i feel part1 #i feel asleep for like an hr now i'm wide awake literally just watched the 2011 love scenei'm so content with life. i feel like everything is falling into placewhen i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave me#asutwitter go check on ya mans i feel sorry for bruh frfrhonestly i'll miss emma swan so much but she hasn't been emma in so long and right now all i feel is reliefi feel like i haven't seen any of my best friends (except christopher) in days and that makes me sad.i love writing songs about peoplei feel alone whenever i'm not with you.i feel both respect and disrespectwant to tell you how i feeli feel so "alone" with out your presence in my life .. ...alone...i feel like an <bleep>hole cause my poor baby went to the hospital cause she wasn't feeling good and i had to go to worki feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi feel like 'throne' represent not only me but a lot of artists who are thinking the same thing at the exact same moment.i feel emotions so deeplyi feel better when i cry, maybe a little biti feel yanot easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #motgod really gonna bless me i feel iti feel so alive for the very first time i can't deny you i feel so alive i feel so alive for the very first time and i thi feel threatened by the way you felt it was appropriate to use delicious in the same sentence as cole slawi feel so emotionless about myself and really don't even care to fix it anymore.somebody please help i feel to ask for athey all are so ducking lucky sorry but i feel jealous
now a days i feel like i'm my own idol
lol idk why i feel like this boy subtweeting me heart eyes but im not just gone catch <bleep> out the air might not be for me
i feel like im my mom's evil twin cuz i make the cold heartless decisions 4 her i never feel bad, she does
i feel like i'm dying rn
i will when i get home. am not sure i know how to go about it. i feel bad maan!
i feel you man
i feel so guilty when i eat
i feel frustrated, and i don't know what to do.
i feel you! i ran out of words for that
i feel like you guys always tweet about amal clooney. is she really the only fashionista you have your eye on?
don't know if i feel sick because i'm nervous or because i brushed my teeth too soon after waking up
i feel like sm denies irene of dance stages like the ones seulgi does, bc she's not supposed to be the "girl crush" member.
i've tried to fall for so many couples from so many tv shows, and even though i liked them, nothing ever compared to how i f
i feel like nothing makes me happy, i don't look forward to anything
i've never felt super self-conscious about my voice though, which i feel pretty lucky about.
i feel for people who don't get to enjoy punjabi music. y'all missing out on the best of the best
i feel old
i ate a jolly rancher at work today and i feel so guilty hahahahahaha
ppl guilty at any point of time will give clarification even if not sought i feel th
i feel a fan becomes inside you. . well.
i feel so happy for no <bleep>ing reason when i see you
when brian says i feel good baby i feel great and suddenly i become neurotypical
don't know why but i feel like ima grow in my craft very rapidly this year ... i know i got it in me
i feel dizzy as fucjk
i feel like i'm constantly waiting for something that isn't going to happen
still no i suddenly feel bad i feel like im cheating on shua i mean i can *** him too if he's into that but
this <bleep> does not understand. i can get crazier than this but i feel bad for him. but he can't be pressing me like that.
90's babies had all the good cartoons growing up i feel bad for this new generation of kids. y'all cartoons <bleep>ty a
it's because i don't trust myself to say the right thing. that's why i feel like running away.
i wonder if justin still posts stories on his snapchat i feel tortured just thinking about it
i feel like i'm bothering you.
i feel good living here for awhile but then this happened. faith in humanity for this country destroyed smh. #btsbbmas
aaaahhh thanks lui i feel better and i did do well
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel stupid in almost every single tutorial i attend
i think i might hear that? idk i feel like possessed tabby is keeping me from hearing it
all the lonely/single mfs up on twitter this late... i feel ya pain..
in my humble opinion i feel like gucci beef with young jeezy was a jealousy thing over young jeezys song "my president is black"
why is it one day i feel like i have all my <bleep> together then the next day feel like it's all falling apart again?
it's been hurt after hurt for so long now, i feel like i'm waiting for then other shoe to drop constantly. and i'm tired
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
i feel that fluoride is peachy
i feel this in my soul.
i feel like i have lost the ability to communicate with certain people.
i need a drink cause i feel like my grade is gonna be <bleep>
i feel like we won the argument give the twitter back and you are free slave
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection
i feel u like the messenger messages about herbal medicines
<bleep> i feel
words are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you #aldubxdtbytibokngpuso
i feel like life is a sequence of problems that repeat and repeat no matter what i do .
the way this kapil mishra is losing his <bleep> randomly and putting on a show, i feel that something is up. that it's a smoke
i feel really happy when i see you, because when i look at you and see your smile, it also makes me smile.
you like my diary, anything i feel, always tell to you.
and i feel like i haven't expressed how much i appreciate you as much as i used to i still do, very much
#chiefkim pd: "i always believed in #namgoongmin. i feel sorry to attach the tag "idol actor" to #junho, he's a real actor
why anime avi accs got the most aggressive tweets like wjhy do i feel like love live girls are just always calling me the n
i feel bad that i have to make the rest of you work so hard like this, as well.
i'm always having that feeling i feel when i randomly pass out and it scares me so much
its hopeless, i feel it, pesimistic
wow i feel bad for anyone who doesn't get to go to ole miss
i get up and when i feel sore, i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist.
i know i still have to "wean off" but i feel better now the only thing is it's 3am those nightmares completely <bleep>ed my sleep schedule
i feel you tbh
haha i feel you. :)))
finally got my nails done. i feel like me again lol
i feel, with all these trailers, that they've given away the entire plot and now there's no reason to go and see the movie.
i feel so sick
i've been listening to wayne for the past 2 hours..... i feel great
ain too hard to tell you how i feel.i feel betrayed when people don't reply to the funny tweets i send themi finally got a full night's sleep last night i feel refreshedi feel ui feel it vomnhi feel like i'm going to explodei feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph armim blem foreal i might juss say how i feeli feel like a lot of people i follow have never seen me around campusana just shot my <bleep>, but at least i feel better.well i feel like a <bleep>.this is what "permanent water solutions" look like in fourways. i feel for these poor people, broi feel you on that in the mood for some head as wellim too shy to tell you how i feel, and i'm afraid if i ask you "what do you think of me?" your reply will be "i dont."i feel so unwanted all the timeidk why but when i act in the drama module i feel like a foolross plz accept my crew request my name is peaceofluck_1120 i love ur live streams i feel i wanna take part in it plz accept it.i feel sick and anxious and may very well cry in the middle of this exam but it's all goodfuck mei feel so inspired to write makes me happyi feel like i'm always buying gifts for everyone all year round, whether it's birthdays or holidays. it never endswatching all the debut teasers now and i feel like crying i was 12 when i first started liking exo in 2011 december #exoticsi feel really happy when i see you.i feel like you just read a part of my life back then l thought and believed it would be us against the world..but lifei feel like most people make choices based off who they idolize.how i feel seeing everyone's posts about how they're graduating this week knowing i still have to go back in the fallgriselda txt me saying "i feel like i haven't seen you all day i didn't get my daily dose of you " cus we didn't close togetherawe i feel n i imagined how you laugh till you drop sis hahaha #last final tmrw i feel so confident. let's hope i don't forget everything by 11am tmrwi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel better after eating my yogurt mixed blueberries. will cry again for #ahok tomorrow. we're with you pak pls stay strong.rt. to vote i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmas i know, i feel like tony montana!i'm not saying i deserve to be rich and famous, i'm just saying i feel like i was suppose to behas a vibe that ppl can relate to that can them thru life tbh. i feel it every time i hear her voice. much love tome: *wants to be spoiled* also me: *wont accept anything bc i feel extremely bad if anyone spends any amount of money on me*while i feel bad for #porshawilliams part of me feels like if #kandi is going to sue #phaedra, she also needs to sue #porshawilliams (1/2)every time i feel something i isolate myself till it goes away but it never really goes away ijust pretend it does whats up wme: whenever i look at gudetama i feel sad. mom: why? me: i just do mom: maybe because you are gudetama? me: mind blowni feel like death but have to crawl into the officei feel fabulous when i do something good for my family #weareallfabulous we are all fabulousi feel like a unicorn. but im not. my nickname is thumper. #hungaryi feel like tattooing something religious on your body doesn't make god love you any morewhy doesn't michelle obama post on snapchat anymore i feel so incompletethanks i had no idea where pepe came from. i feel sad for the creator.see every time i'm with you i feel different, it's so good, and yes we vibin, i ain't trippinam trying so much not to act on how i feel but that right there just pushed me furtherthe way this kapil mishra is losing his <bleep> randomly and putting on a show, i feel that something is up. that it's a smokeuse to be a sad boy now i feel nothingi feel like i'm sun bathing in my own warmth.as well as a 'special thanks' section, i feel like films should have a 'no thanks to' credit.i feel like trudeau is the standard we should set on how hot a world leader must be to overlook monstrosity for thirst purposesi feel like maybe i can pull off acid washed jeans. discuss.....i feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmas*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loseri feel like chorro con sangre todaynobody knows what i feel inside.i hope, i dream,i imagine,i feel,i smile,....... actually i just still at the same place.i feel u broyikes, i'm so sorry for the typo, jan! i feel terrible i can't even find it would you mind pointing me to it? -julieti feel as rough as a badgers arse morning x21 i feel bad for the 2 people following me and seeing all this spam. i vote for #btsbbmasit's time to say farewell to indonesia justice system. i feel like things are going to be chaotic sooner or later.i finished my last show a week ago how can i feel directionless and lazy and useless already i hate this i'm burnt out let me rest.i feel so bad for scott disick. the kardashians need to sit the <bleep> down and let this man live. what hypocrites #kuwtkgenuinely look how i feel today.. pure <bleep>with the latest #trump #flynn debacle,i feel like i've been transported back to 1974 and #watergate ~ imagine if #nixon had #twitter in 74i think i should stop the flattering. i feel like an annoyance lmao.somedays i feel like saving the world other days i feel like burning the capei feel so alone
i feel you
this is what i feel
once i feel different about u, ur done
iight now i feel like you tryna shoot lol you going there or nah?
something that will gear me in the right direction but i feel underqualified for everything i am interested in.
#nowplaying on energy #hitmusiconly! the weeknd feat daft punk - i feel it coming - hit music only ! (09:43)
i feel like im that type of person who'd be down to get random tattoos all the time but i dont know what to get first and i
i'm getting so disrespectful if i feel disrespected. make a <bleep> wish she never said nothing in the first place.
i feel like i am because of it lol
3rd, fool's paradise, but abandoned the idea. i feel all nostalgic - and old! - now!
morning tweeters little cool today and cloudy so far i feel ok
the dream inside sef i feel the pain
i got a new profile pic i wanna add but i feel like it's extra lol
i feel their smiles on me
i feel like spikes entire existence is just to piss angel off and love buffy and i'm 100% here for it
for every day, i miss you. for every hour, i need you. for every minute, i feel you. for every second, i want you. fore
i feel sick, all we ever hear about is hitler in our history books what about the english, the french the spanish etc smh
same winners winning everwhere. this is not done. i feel all contest are rigged :/ #afraidofforever
and while some people say what im doing now is like portfolio worthy, at the same time at a personal level i feel like i'm still behind
that's how i feel...would gop use this to discredit comey's #trumprussia testimony? i'm worried.
i feel ur pain
i feel like <bleep>
hah, my ninjas. now i feel like i stepped at home. i hate them but love them.
also, autocorrect isn't a fan of my writing style and i feel personally attacked
voting for for #btsbbmas deeper,i feel like dying every day please let me be punished please forgive me for my sin
i've just read a book that's made me feel so pumped i feel like i'm on drugs #goodshit
i feel so disinterested today. everything just seems so lackluster
what i feel for kpop idols isn't even lust or admiration anymore its legit the need to love them to death like a doting mother with sep anx
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel bad for sophie stans like imagine stanning someone so ignorant you get secondhand embarrassment every time they open their mouth...
i feel good. any black single moms struggling extra hard this month? fridge looking bare? lemme help a bit. imma open m
i feel like a potato and i sound like a boy )-:
i feel like reading some stephen king's book vote | #btsbbmas
170507 #party_baby #budapest_boom #daehyun #bap # do what i feel part1 #
i say im fine but im going insane i say i feel good but im in pain i say it's nothing but it's really a lot i say im ok
can we speed it up? i feel like theres loads of threats but no action im only joking
for the first time in two weeks i feel well rested and like i'm getting better! excited to see this afternoon at #breach event
i feel like a changed man
somedays i feel dead but alive
glad i'm back on track in the gym i feel so much better now
i feel hella lazy now hahaha
the way this kapil mishra is losing his <bleep> randomly and putting on a show, i feel that something is up. that it's a smoke
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
#jellyandicecream for all of us who aren't born n bred in burnley can someone explain it...i feel like i'm missing out #tw
ew i feel like throwing up
i feel like waking dada up i miss him tooo much
i'm waaaaay up i feel blessed gwan big sean
i will <bleep> rainbows after hearing two ghosts i feel it
want to tell you how i feel
i feel like id cry constantly or be so awkward i could never talk to any of them
yo i saw that you have 50/50 in your movie collection. that is in my top 5 fav movies and i feel that it is overl
rachel is such kindergarten news. i feel like i'm watching sesame street news with her!
this is not what my faith is, i hate that i feel i need to explain that. bad representation <bleep>s always.
i feel like when i watch the mv ima cry even though i already saw so many spoilers jshsjs im still ready to cry
i feel like an avocado today
i've cried so much i feel nauseous.
i feel sorry for imran khan this <bleep>ed up nation don't deserve him
i feel like im giving my all, but getting nothing in return. again.
astrology comforts me so much when i feel lost or confused. it's makes sense of the things in my head.
because somehow i feel like i am such a terrible person even when i do try to compensate
sometimes i feel all of them in me those writers and then i see
i feel like i gotta throw upim not over it i feel like i lost a part of my souli feel youonce i feel different about u, ur doneevery time i shift in my chair, i feel the plug pressing into my <bleep>, and the kegel ball shifting in my <bleep>ty <bleep>.i always overuse the word "tired" because i can never find a better word to describe how i feel and that is literallysometimes i feel flushing my sperms after masturbating might land me on one of my sperm's tape. #13rw #netflix #tuesdaythoughtsladies get you some dress pants on those days you don't feel like wearing a dress. i feel like a business woman. we moorlooking at sidang vonis ahok, at this very day, i feel very cruel, stupid, disappointed and shameful to be even part ofnobody knows what i feel inside.i feel much betterwhen i'm with you, i feel like i'm right where i belong.i am incharge of how i feel and today im choosing happiness. #aldubxdtbytibokngpusoi feel for ooyf, with such a bad record i wonder what he said to redeem himself.i feel like this is really on a cat-by-cat basis, the "destructiveness factor", unfortunately...if i ain't special, why i feel it then.im up investing, i feel 40 and white but my <bleep> still worki feel so much better now :3 thanks to everyone who be nice o/i feel like now when i listen to it its gonna have a whole new meaning hahahaha i'm so slowi feel like...that's how i feel...would gop use this to discredit comey's #trumprussia testimony? i'm worried.31. i feel a large amount of regret, remorse and guilt about crush 1.i'm blem for real, i might just say how i feel.i feel you 'muricakkk yeah, dont worry unnie. just i just too tired and a lil bit stressed out. i just take a nap and i feel better now ^^i need to figure out my life. i have no idea what the <bleep> i'm supposed to do and i feel like everything that i do never helsometimes i feel off balancei feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel like if people respected me for the sheer stupidity of my actions i would get a lot more respecti feel like home to her and nothing could be more frighteningi love you because i know youre always there, there to catch me when i fall, there to listen when i need you, there when i feel alone.every single one of my friends supported me today and i feel so good.i feel sorry for him but i'm glad he won't be brought up and look bad. the end has been hard to watch.and laugh at your own jokes. i feel youthe only place i feel safe in a room full of men is at the gymwhy do i feel like a nervous wreck today? probably because i am awaiting on test results! and also on todays other activities!i vote for for top social artist #btsbbmas omg yes i just read that bts confirmed their attendance for #bbmas ii feel like youtube is overpopulated with fake kpop fans now days. bts on top vote retweet #btsbbmasi feel like the same pr company who took kale from zero to hero is now working on helping dragonfruit become the new it-food.today is good, everyday is good, i feel good as <bleep>i feel really unlovable. like i'm deadass never going to find anyone who loves me for me. that's crazyi feel lika a proud mama. army squad i vote for for top social artist award ai feel so unwanted all the timei feel for him a victim of pedophilliaone minute i feel happy the next i feel brokenwithout my wings i feel so smallsometimes jakarta seems like the gotham city. full of darkness. and today i feel it again. not the jakarta that i used toi feel bad for bangtan because bts is killing it #btsbbmasme: "i want harry to follow me" harry: "i want harry to follow me, shut yo <bleep> <bleep> up ill follow you when i feel like it"sometimes i feel like i'm incapable of love because if anyone hurts me i'll just hurt them much worsei feel and look like tuesdayokay i'm having a conversation with a friend and honestly i feel impressed to do this thread for girls on... "the indecis
went to my lola's place, and guess what i feel. hahaha
i just decapitated a llama piata and i feel awesome
everytime someone becomes a good frnd of mine i feel soo burdened because i knoww i can't maintain friendships at all
i feel like i won't be able to do anything without e.l.f. -sungmin
i feel dizzy and nauseous. i hope it's just the fact that i'm super overly tired and not this dumb stomach flu going around.
time to go be productive, i feel a personal blog post coming on. a colossal brain dump of basically everything.
thank you jazz! hahahaha lagi, i feel so old
i feel like twitter is anti-writing. everything you do on here counts against big blocks of prose.
i feel i'm knocking on heavens door
i feel like im that type of person who'd be down to get random tattoos all the time but i dont know what to get first and i
i just finished my essay for my social psychology class i feel like death its already 1am
i feel like i ve been drunk all my life......
ksoo:i feel so sad nowadays suho:u need a 'happiness' ksoo:no dont- suho:/chins up,hand on the chest/ sometimes we got
i feel kinda irritated .u.
i feel likeeee... i lost my touch ...
so .... for the first time since i can remember i feel like reading a book. now if you know me you know this is rare. any good books?
you can call me keii! playing league helps me to distract myself so i feel you on that !
i feel so pressured :(
i feel sick, all we ever hear about is hitler in our history books what about the english, the french the spanish etc smh
i feel like the base colors and shading would probs work fine for defining the shape, no need to overcomplicate w hatching that doesnt fit.
sometimes i feel like i've forgotten how to love
i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so little.
i feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied by
i feel like san antonio is so toxic .
words are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you kisses jollichocomallowpie
i feel like lucki makes his music just for me to be like <bleep> you
i feel so down wtf
right i feel like it's so meaningful.
i feel like i'm getting sick.
i feel really unlovable. like i'm deadass never going to find anyone who loves me for me. that's crazy
i made it into work today. i feel like crap, but i made it in. do i get points for that?
#chiefkim pd: "i always believed in #namgoongmin. i feel sorry to attach the tag "idol actor" to #junho, he's a real actor
i feel like some people just bash kingafiqq more than he deserves tho. lek lah. x suka, x payah tgk sudah. why yall love h
because monsta x isn't as popular, i feel like their dances are constantly being overlooked. i think they are the group w
i feel like mhaw should be more of a thing on uwi , there was the lrc greens thing, but there should be more
it's so good to see hyojoo today. even though i'm crying (cuz of sf9 fm) since the time i woke up. i feel like today is such a good day
i feel like this message is just for me. thanks!
i feel good baby, i fell great i vote for the top social artist award #btsbbmas
"sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel."
i feel like i'm absorbing everyone elses fears the more i hear about them #lt
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.bshtemeds
(i even have to try very hard to like relatively neutral images where i feel like the male self-insert is just the slightest bit implied)
i feel better about my 50+ pots now.
the anger i feel when someone disrespects my friends is 10x stronger to when someone disrespects me
i feel like a indiana jones, bcoz you are the treasure i am looking for. #aldubxdtbytibokngpuso #dtbypanliligawmuli
i feel like such a fat <bleep>ing slob
i feel like i'm drowning sometimes i'm so frustrated i hate having emotions sometimes i wish i didn't feel at all
i feel the same way
i feel you.
omg how do girls love when their bfs spend like $400 on them?? i feel bad when a dude buys me a water bottle.
i feel like lwa is specifically catering to my needs and i love it
week 3 down. can't believe how different i feel. i'm finding myself using big words in daily conversation again. i like this.
i feel motivated y'all let's vote! i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards
answers: "i guess they look at us as role models, so i guess i'm proud." - j "i don't know, i feel amazing." - n
22.namjoon's girl version makes me cry everytime i see it.i feel insecure. vote #btsbbmas
i feel so sorry for people not from southern california
#basketballwives sometimes i feel like i'm in the twilight zone!! the lies! the lies!! the lies between these women.
i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so little
my body is so sore. i feel like i got hit by a bus.
no matter how bad/sick i feel it's so comforting to be next to tyler
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. ryjewtsnbfx
i feel like foreigners come to america and expect to be amazed but the only surprise is that the mcrib is back at mcdonalds
i cant imagine how strong are you, when i feel hopeless with our justice. god bless you, sir.
i'm not old, but i feel old tonight. and realizing what i've lost due to life events and time.
i really want to say something about the even situation but i feel like it's going to upset me too much so idk.
and i blatantly asked them to help me go to my room because i didn't feel okay. to this day i feel disgusting and blame mys
i can't stop waking up i feel horrible, i've never been this sick beforei feel a song coming alongi feel like all my kids grew up and married each other. it's every parent's dream.i feel so comfortableall i'm seeing is stuff about finals but i'm just hitting midterms. i feel played.im screamin mine was ....... public teasing followed by humiliation and mirror <bleep>............ i feel like the worst#bama2017diamondedition_exo turn the light down low now i feel the pathcodes breathing sowhenever i flinch in my sleep i feel like a little <bleep>i feel really unlovable. like i'm deadass never going to find anyone who loves me for me. that's crazyi feel weird for being excited for math next semesteri don't know how many ppl are up on y'all timeline but i feel obligated to let y'all know, it's not me wildin' out on y'all curious cat's.i feel yougreeting me and saying sweet words to me. i feel like i need to give you more love so expect that from me okay. #btsbbmasi feel like everyone needs a friend like dj khaledi feel like i made a bad choice but it wasn't really that bad because nothing terrible happened but it's the fact that i did somethingi feel like katys gonna promote the <bleep> out of witnessi feel uneasy about % increase over 100%.@bts_twt i feel like jin today, but what can i do? my fandom is the best and i'm voting for as top social articassper nyovest potrayed how i feel about my father on superman #thuto#victorialive i feel sorry for these people in cornwall. they really think #brexit will improve their lives, but it won't.i feel down... should i watch anime? i'm gonna watch animei don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somethinterrorists are planning attacks in london, but met police are busy investigating katie hopkins' tweets. i feel so safe.only god knows how i feel right now.i don't care if the whole world is against me, coz when i'm wid u i feel invincible... #kaira for #bestjodi #spa201i feel like i suddenly forgot how to converse with ppl.i feel like i need to see it just to see for myself... i actually have some luke cage to finish offi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi reread some comics again. and corvus sn't the only strong muse right now. i feel a sudden urge to pick thanos up againi feel like purifying my body in a bath full of rose petals and rose quartsokay i feel stress now how to get those vip passes. mommy i need our astro account details nowwwwords can't even explain how i feel right now, just with everything that's going on in my life right now!! couldn't aski feel violatedswear this song is exactly how i feel loli feel like you're trying to be funny.you don't have to speak, i feel... emotional landscapes.i feel love, loved by you (in the bottom of my heart) but it's confusing teardropsprepara o cypher vote for bts for #btsbbmas top social artist i feel so nice mom i feel so nicei'm not always open about the way i feel about people or things but my actions will always show how i'm feeling crystal clear.someone help save my soul cs i don't think i'll be able to love anymore i feel nothingi feel so tired yet i haven't done anything...i get most anxious when i feel like things are out of my control; overwhelming fear. taking a step back helps #mentalhealthawarenessweeki blocked hugh. i feel so much weight lifted from my shoulders. you should do it too xwell i feel really blue. the tories will get back in regardless of their cruelty. i did everything i could even standing for selection.is so adorable in this pic i feel like i'm having a heart attack hope to see the hd soon amazing photo bybc i feel like being deadi feel like shiit when you ignore me.i feel like some days y'all just wanna be offended. save all them long <bleep> threads b. no one cares. no one finna read ti feel myself becoming less important to people as every single day passesusually i don't go out at this timing but today i feel like it. body clock is screwed.i feel like dyingpeople mock "triggers" but i feel like crap everyday, and the only lesson learnt was i'm too weak for this worldyo i didnt see some of these indirects i feel so badshe looks psychotic and should be sent to. mental hospital and kept under arrest. i feel her family would havi feel like i deserve more then u give metrying hard to study for finals and finish my cosplays but i feel like i might not finish my cosplays bc school first ...i feel you llegaaaaa necesito mi gym partnerim not sure how i feel about bts attending the bbmasi feel weird about that. (aside from, oh god another reboot.) i mean no perlman?i feel like i'm overstepping my boundaries. i don't like feeling like i'm overstepping anything.y do i feel lyk im not part of the family?i feel the despair one must feel when something of great value is stolen from them. a victim watching as trump rips awai think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so littlei have never experienced hatred as much as i feel for tfl. i'm sure somehow
i feel you
i feel like you would also be frazzled by this
i feel u
oml i feel so sorry for krystal, shes still getting hate comments just because she's with kai and bringing up the fake condom story
i feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied by
i feel like i'm slowly losing all of my friends...
has everybody blocked me bc i feel like no one sees my tweets or then they're really bad
social media makes me so anxious! i feel so sorry for young kids growing up with instagram thinking that's what the girls
i feel this so much
i feel like i'm carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders and it's going to break me soon..
i feel like rewatching the 100 from the 1st season
greeting me and saying sweet words to me. i feel like i need to give you more love so expect that from me okay. #btsbbmas
why do i feel like i got a new book but i look around and i don't have a new book?
lord, thank you so much for the unconditional love even if sometimes, i feel like i don't deserve it for i keep on disappointi
//now you see how do i feel.
i think how glad to a day, at the child, and it again now that though it my dearest, kindest mother,--i feel only one had
a good thing is that i feel comfortable filling any role since i've been playing a wide variety of heroes lately
i feel dis
you can't even sleep in this solo business i feel like i missed a century
i feel like re watching smallville again rip
the boys have made it so far and im so happy that i could be with them on their journey i feel so proud #btsbbmas
it ain't no lie. i have to tell you how i feel. each time i try, it gets a little more unreal. #cornerformatanglawin
i feel pretty sick still, today
arsene wenger on lucas perez: "hes a top quality striker but i cant give him the games he wants and deserves. i feel a b
i feel like this could you and you-know-who.. because of the skateboard
i feel sick. i hate everyone
i feel gloomy after finished it,..mixed feeling
hi mimi!! thank you so much i really appreciate it! i feel better don't worry
i vote for top social artist awards #btsbbmas to vote i get up and when i feel sore, i look out the window
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
and i feel the fire in your hands, if you'd touch, i'll be more than just a man, shine brighter than anything i've ever k
i feel that fatphobia is atrocious.
the more someone doubts my intentions, the more i feel like doing things worth doubting.
i feel so fake wth
i feel like i've been on this train all day
i feel so energized
i listen to sza when i'm sad. and when i'm happy. i listen to sza when i feel <bleep>y. and when i hate myself. thank you
me against the world, cause i feel alone.
the sun should come up. and if it does, it's a miracle. regardless of all the silly things around the world, i feel confident in us.
i love you because i know youre always there, there to catch me when i fall, there to listen when i need you, there whe
man i was so happy this week i don't know why i feel like <bleep> now..
man i'm speaking to my favorite producer in the world. words can't explain how i feel right now.
nobody knows what i feel inside.
the anger i feel when someone disrespects my friends is 10x stronger to when someone disrespects me
like, i have longer than i think i do. cuz i feel like i have to plan ahead and only finish what i want/have time to.
i feel u girl it's ok we will be skrong
i feel very controversial right now
i'm up and down, i feel so fat don't even get to keep the cat and if we want to have some fun well, that's just how it is
i feel like britt should be in one of the mazerunner movies if they continue to make the movies after death cure.
if only you know how i feel.
i feel good
mate i feel like iv been run over by a lorry
thank you, it's an issue i feel very strongly about, see too many people suffering
that makes me feel kinda worse because thats awful i feel bad for you
<bleep>s just dry but i feel you
freddie gibbs , thank you for your story. i feel you . much love. #viceland #healing #love #peace
girl...i feel ya!
i feel ya
i feel so dope. i clocked a migraine coming on and i killed it instantly with drugs.
i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so little
i feel like im the only artist who feels this way but i despise sketchbooks, the binding messes with my flow. much prefer loose paper.
i feel like this sentence could have been written better.
i hate what i've become, the nightmare's just begun. i must confess that i feel like a monster. #np skillet - monster
are you serious? you haven't been home every weekend? i feel for you
i feel like did "mathematics" in one take. <bleep> is amazing.
i feel weird being sympathetic or showing affection to others
i feel bad for losing interest in super rugby i find the drama of the nba more appealingi feel yousometimes i feel it's a shame that saudi is the hub of islam given how un islamic saudi can be. a great disappointment.i feel so bad for marco.groan paper work - i feel for you!i feel you. i used to knock out on the train every morning. it became mandatory. best naps ever hahashe nods her head as a soft chuckles slipping out of her lips. that's a good thing though. i did but i feel hungry again.i want every to feel the same level as happiness that i feel right now.. if not, morehey guys i just shook a portion of a fake dog really hard and now i feel like i could steal some handsmy self esteem is actually so low i feel so sorry for myself sometimesvote #btsbbmas i feel like i should draw either jin, j-hope or suga cause i feel like i never draw them.i have an inferiority complex about my superiority complex. i know im better than you, but i feel really bad about it.why do i feel like you've taken a part of me? feeling is such a funny thing.i hate being hungry at this time cause i feel bad about waking people up from their sleepi feel so sad for people who 'don't see any real yoonmin content' in bangtan lol you're missing out on all the love and boyfi feel sick, all we ever hear about is hitler in our history books what about the english, the french the spanish etc smhi feel like puking at my deski feel so tired and sleepy rnps damn you for recommending winfield. now i feel i cant ignore the phos.me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.these chest pains have me on constant edge i feel like im abt to have a <bleep>ing emotional breakdown i wanna diei'm angry because i feel guiltyi feel like me and my friends need cameras cause tbh <bleep> that happens to me i be so tight i ain't catch it on video lmaooooi feel you. i'm off playing hunt-the-grave at the weekend xi feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied byi'm listening to it right now, that's why i feel like this.i feel goodi feel like it had a definitive ending like there's no need to carry it on, the ending was powerful enough and they'll taki feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel determined too.i feel so relieved ready to continue w: my visioni see myself as black b4 i see myself as a woman. whenever ive faced an injustice i feel like its always been down 2 my race not my genderwhen i read papers on #somalia i feel hopeless but meeting and witnessing brilliant people trying to change the subject.imma stop skipping weights to sleep and relax all day. lol i feel my strength leaving.we're on our way to the airport and i feel like i'm forgetting something i hate this feeling.[[[ uuuh, i feel better. 37.7.i feel like a indiana jones, bcoz you are the treasure i am looking for. #aldubxdtbytibokngpuso #dtbypanliligawmulii feel like im going to die when yor're sad when you're in pain, it hurts more than when im in pain i vote for fowords are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you #aldubxdtbytibokngpusoi feel so nice, mom i feel so nice voting for top social artist award #btsbbmasnow i feel like eating pounded yami feel alone whenever i'm not with you.i just want to be able to express how i feel without being shot down and then everything crumbling to pieces afterwardsoh, i only saw martika and thought 'i feel the earth move'i feel the same exact way about hellbenderslike i said, i feel like all my expectations incredibly low for literally no reasoni feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythinhello i feel guilty about not casting a vote every day #btsbbmai think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so littlewhenever i feel weak, i'll remember those who made me strong. whenever i start to doubt myself, i'll remember who believi feel so needy rn so ima just go to bed.nobody knows what i feel inside.a singaporean person in a popular anime... the pride i feelbleeghh i feel badi feel how i feel, i won't fight itfor the first time in forever, i feel sad for a politician and pessimistic about this country. maybe, just maybe, we don't deserve ahok.today a month of final year exams kicks off with spanish speaking. i feel physically <bleep>ing sick. #ayudamei feel the heat.i feel stupid for liking you.i need to get ready for work. i feel too fat to function.
as an army, i feel really proud to vote for #btsbbmas bts for the bbmas top social artist award!
i feel u
i am a true fan of i feel so bad....love you mama! this too shall pass
i feel like i'm from the past and the future and idk how that's possible but somehow i know it is.
as an army, i feel really proud to vote for #btsbbmas bts for the bbmas top social artist award.
fuckfududjd i had too much to eat bc its my first decent meal thr entire day now i feel bloated af
a1. i feel it's somewhat important. i think being involved helps me blog more
honestly u cant judge ppls effort by just looking at them...like what? u get dem feels diffusin into ur soul then it hit u lik
a spelling bee event ajksdhkjshk i feel like a lot of us would lose -
i feel you on that girl. do you work in the tourism industry?
i feel so happy seeing sun happy and free.
i feel so bad for colin like honestly he's never getting a chance to work with his closest friends ever again
i feel so ignored by u :(
i feel thankful to the faithful god. lailah gifty akita mihonishida forbench
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
ppl <bleep>ing <bleep> and i feel sorry for anyone that has to bring an artist down to make themselves feel better about their <bleep>
[giving toast at my wedding] me: i feel so bless- *nephew says his 1st word* me: *kneels down to him* this is my day, a
i've tried so hard to stop loving you but nothing works. i suppress my feeling and trick myself that i feel better but it all comes back
you think i'm fine though but really you have no idea how i feel now and it's just <bleep>s really3 <bleep>s
after 3 bunot and a psychological test, i feel wozzy na talaga.
i feel like i've been well fed
i feel how i feel, i won't fight it
i feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied by
i feel sick, all we ever hear about is hitler in our history books what about the english, the french the spanish etc smh
ian too hard to tell you how i feel.
i am in charge of how i feel and today im choosing happiness. mihonishida forbench
now i feel what it's like when someone doesn't answer your calls . well played mama.
i wish i had someone who would make me feel better without the need to know what's wrong. i feel like people are just curious. #smh
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
i think i got about 4 hours sleep instead i stayed up, watched tv and twitch and now i feel like dying
shelinda: "thank you so much, lady yuna! now, i feel i have the courage to finish my training."
just woke up but i feel the urge to go back to sleep...so i'm kinda fine too. have a nice day !
i feel tired just being in my body huhuhu i need a new one
i feel so relaxed to see my baby taking some rest u need rest. double shift karte itni mehnat karte ho.
cannot bring myself to say this is one of the greatest paragraphs written in english, as i feel it is the greatest: htt
good lordy do i feel this
i feel like i have so much to say but i cannot form the words and i really don't want to anymore.
"i love you" shows that you have connection with that person that can never be torn. i feel like love can never fade away tb
i feel included in this too. <bleep>
sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel
i feel gross :))
russel just called me babe for the first time and i couldn't stop smiling i feel so dumb but i'm so happy
i feel so happy with my life and my friends and family
as an army, i feel really proud to vote for #btsbbmas bts for the bbmas top social artist award!!!
i *would* but i'll be watching the graps at the o2. comparable artistry i feel.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards
if you're in a res, you'll know what i mean by: "i feel rich when my clothes are washed"
i feel like i need to get out of taft and be a new me
still got life.... i feel blessed.
you should know when i'm writing, i feel a fear - often. sometimes, i wonder do i should write about sth or better not, but i risk anyway.
people keep doing "threads" about how iconic princess diana was and i feel like i'm in some kind of odd dated satire
i feel empty.
i feel like a plastic bag on the daily, thank you
when i feel like nobody appreciates me i just remember it's nobody's job to give a <bleep> about me and nobody can <bleep> wi
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i get up and when i feel sore, i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist.
sometimes i feel like i want to sing it out loud but don't know the lyrics yet
i feel like tozday has been sunday but it's just a feeling bc i still can't believe that you post twice a week!!!
i feel so evil ryt now
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year
i feel like im watching myself play. its pretty weird
i feel bad for u langga
i feel you!lol you're the least like rocket. you're more like gamora i feel. but idk what her description isnot having drama in my life is such a great feeling lol. i feel bad for y'alli feel ui'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingso maybe what i feel good at first will have a good fruit in the endi feel feelings.#btsbbma bts i feel so far away 29you feel like you right i feel like i'm right to busy acting like kids ugh ugh ugh !why do i feel this way thopersahabatan ini mulai berubah.. can you see the secret of my eyes.. can you feel what i feel here in side.. -fall inthats how after 40 years i feel about sonny sam and fake jason..ok now i feel sick i take it backcause i feel like im the worst but i always act like im the besti feel like no one (especially brands) can do or say anything these days without someone being offended by iti feel like i don't wanna study i don't wanna go out i don't wanna eat i just want to stare into the void and be miserablei'm so punk i still cuddle with my teddy bear when i feel sadi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisand i feel like this year is really about, just the year of realizing stuffi feel dizzy i vote #btsbbmasi feel more sorry for k cause she have nothing but a fan like you.is a job interview a free consultation? i feel like employers are like we don't want you but your ideas arei'm waking up, i feel it in my bonesenough to make my systems blowi feel like there's a universal rule that u nastymr. why did you still let the other girl can kiss you when you having me in your life now? i feel i am zero in your eyesi feel kinda lost now my uni bubble is gonna pop v v sooni feel the need to #purgei dont know how i feel about this hellboy newsso many wonderful scientists are losing jobs daily for such a long time now, i feel we should do more!i feel like there's cotton candy in my headi feel so :/// bc i'm not even really looking forward to these cons bc i know my social meter will run out fasti feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happenknow that way you wanna take a big rock and just smack it off your head? aye that's how i feeli feel like i'm gonna be sick.man i just logged into my personal twt acc after like 1928389 days and i feel so uncomfortable there???&amp;??&amp;?that's cool i feel ~famous~ and thank you!!all of my friends have either quit being kian and jc accounts or are thinking about quitting... i feel bad but i'm happy for usaw no bless you good luck with them! i've got an exam thursday so i feel your pain xlocked out of my house .. i feel homelessi don't drink much anymore but i feel like i need to at cons to keep my social energy upi feel like <bleep> ghfdjghjfdhkgfhj just have to pick myself up somehow. 3 weeks and this will all be overgm i feel like <bleep>
i feel sorry for anyone who has to hear my voice tbh
i feel you
"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel anyway
is there a list of aave i feel awful im guilty of appropriating it :/
i feel like i have done these experiments on 8085 microprocessors during college days. they are making fool out of us. #del
i feel like i am the most basic of my friends as i am the only one who wants to go to the singapore f1 to see the chainsmokers.
ksoo:i feel so sad nowadays suho:u need a 'happiness' ksoo:no dont- suho:/chins up,hand on the chest/ sometimes we got
i feel u mba. feeling like i can't even look my ethnic minority friends in the eye today, and u know which minority
orrible and totally in human nature, i feel ashamed from my race.
is there a link to watch all this live? i feel like i am missing out on some mast nautanki
i feel like it's tanas fault because she's dumb
i feel betrayed. hindi naman marshmallow o marshmallow fluff nasa choco mallow pie eh. huhu this is from a marshmallow person huhu w h y
i feel a <bleep>ty week coming. this is great.
i feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.
"talk to someone, i feel like that's the first step." conversations are key, great to see the benefits of art therapy t
i feel like today will be a good day.
after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks will
sometimes i feel like it's one sided
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied by
it's just that --- i've been feeling kinda weird lately towards him and i feel like he doesn't give a <bleep> about anything anymore
when i draw seonho i feel the incredible need to draw a newborn chick on his head or else its doesnt look like a seonho yk
oh...really?i must've missed that in grad school..i feel much better now, do you?
i bought a suit to wear to my next black tie event instead of a dress but i feel like i'm just going to want to wear it all the time
exactly what i feel
from seoul to la! as an army i feel so proud of so i vote #btsbbmas bts for the bbmas top social artist award!
they probably watch your show more than any other state. i know i feel like killing myself when i watch it
wenger on lucas: "i feel sorry for him on that front, but we have more strikers available now and in the end there was a cong
can someone talk to me before i close my phone? i literally have no one to talk to rn and i feel so alone
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
when i start the conversation, i feel like i'm annoying you.
tired and restless. i feel sick.
watching #insidethegang and i feel so embarrassed for these boys. they're real life demons and have no ambition except to be outside.
i feel like poop can't sleep at all
i feel inlove with his mindset
"i feel so lonely without you."
slight #comedy moment when i feel the need to apologise to followers for
me: is having a freakout bc i feel like everyone wants 2 leavs me bc im me n im boring n sad noe
hm already making plans for me. and i'm allowed to ask for ice cream, i feel damn special
i feel that!! amazing bc they rang me first too lmao!!
i feel much more comfortable in complete darkness where i can't see my hands
i feel like a indiana jones, bcoz you are the treasure i am looking for. #aldubxdtbytibokngpuso #dtbypanliligawmuli
red pours into my heart, overflowing with a desperate love. i feel a rush of blood, bright flame...then we part! htt
can i just fast forward 3 years??? i feel like things will be better then.
i feel so betrayed by the bbc. we wouldn't be where we are if coverage of obscure, unpopular ukip had been proportionate.
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i feel like i'm 21 savage
i feel like all the life in me got ripped out.
i feel like i have done these experiments on 8085 microprocessors during college days. they are making fool out of us. #delhiassembly
oh that song is how i feel about (tweet ends suddenly
about to eat some good food about to cook something if i feel right
finally i'm done! i feel like i'm a novice writer.
man enjoys it)- you can unfollow me right the <bleep> now. i know where i stand on this and i feel sorry for both of them. not
i feel so under prepared for my ap exams this week i literally know nothing someone give me advice
i feel like i need to rob a bank somehow
that's exactly how i feel about people who wear glasses, like the world is just blurry to y'all? like it just be out of focus
#thevampsvip even if its been almost two weeks i feel such a pain after my surgery
fuuuuuck its almost 6am i gotta shleep cuz i have work tomorrow and i feel like its gonna be a lot of drama that i need to be rested for
i feel like i gave away so many chances that i left only some for myself
i feel sorry for imran khan this <bleep>ed up nation don't deserve him
you know,,,whenever i feel really down i watch a rip vine compilation on youtube and like my depression is cured
certain of today i feel stupid sgt! i dnt care! past is past! next is your!
i wish you could understand the way i feel about you.
if i tell you how i feel, can i <bleep>? i gotta see if the <bleep> good before i cuff
dear phone, thanks for being there when i feel alone.
i feel like i'm intruding listening to all this dirty laundry being revealed #9thelastresortmost awkward moment of my life: misgendering arthur and him not saying anything and then finding out afterwards i feel so bad jjaajajahi've been noticed by emily 18 times, i feel blessedi feel like <bleep>. i want to go homei'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingdo something i feel tired, don't do anything also feel tired. i think my body spoil already. can i get a replacement?i feel like apa's someone you'd have a good time with but sprouse is in it for the long hauli feel like that about most discourse on mental healthi feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied byfammmm i feel so old , thanks broyeah, i feel you buddyidk but i feel useless sometimesthere are times i feel like givin' in there are times i begin to begin again #foofighterskelly just watched the tom holland lip-sync video twice in a row, then said, "i feel safer now. i don't know why, i justhow many times did u say i feel sick on sundayhaven't started a 10 page paper that is due tomorrow and i won't be able to work on it for more than 5 hours today. ihonestly this finna be a big <bleep> mess i feel it and mans gonna get eem more hate...i feel like god is so far away from medon't u fight the feelin, cos i feel it too. #arianabbmas*stays up all night bc i feel guilty abt sleeping my life away******i feel so basic but my favorite song right not is "shape of you" by ed sheeran its just so good ughsncksafter seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks willpsa i just shaved my legs i feel g i feel fresh this is the vibesall of sudden i feel the need for a doughnut, possibly a european one: "ich bin en berliner"maybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i care.i can never explain how i feel its either i dont notice it or i feel like my head is light my stomach is weird and my legs feel wobblythe problem is i feel so small. my self-esteem drop so slowi think its nice when people find love, because i feel like everyone deserves it.i fell inlove now i feel nothing at alli feel attacked ..why you so handsome hoseok! i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist"ayy i never walk alone from your hands, i feel your warmth" i definitely vote for bts #btsbbmasi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisim not gonna lie but its rare to come across a real loyal <bleep> like me thats gonna stay down. so i feel sorry for the people that lost mefoundation, eyebrow kit and it's a toss up between mascara and eyeliner. i feel so odd without my flicks!i feel happy to belong to this beautiful fandom vote for for top social artist at the #bbmas #btsbbmas army squad ci feel like im a legend in tha makingtoday i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of lovetraveling time. white widow. rotterdam. unfortunately i feel some chemistry in this one;( next stop- orange hill. #weed #cannai feel like im going to melt in this heat :(i feel like i'd get into a fight wit pre debut joonthe way i feel about you, i've never felt with anyone else.when i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave mei feel like a indiana jones, bcoz you are the treasure i am looking for. #aldubxdtbytibokngpuso #dtbypanliligawmulime that you are worried about me, i feel some pity on your words"as a filipina, i feel baffled by men. as a mother, i feel shamed by sons.u dont understand omg i feel spring day so muchi feel like tday is friday hahhhahi feel like my zarya is a lot stronger now. but i'll keep working on her! :di feel like #btsbbmasi feel exactly the same! hope it's just the two of them #robroni feel so nice, mom i feel so nice i'm voting for the top social artist awards #btsbbmasi feel happy since i know that you are there. i feel sad because i know i will not be with you.i feel so bad recwntly im not studying as muuch i ve thougjthey guys i just shook a portion of a fake dog really hard and now i feel like i could punch the sun in its big fiery facei shared a lazy town meme and now i feel this tired all the attention and...yeah, who the hell even remembers that show?i feel asleep watching a horror film, that's how done with life i am at the moment, come at me scary ghosts/demon babies/possessed girlsi feel some type of way when people can't communicate with me effectively.i feel like my uterus is decomposingi feel like i'm going to vom.i feel you. no individual prize is worth a speck of dust in leo's world.i feel you through the bougainvillea trellis toying with my hair your trade winds of desire warmly caressing my skin even fbeen there, done that. in fact, up till now there are times i feel like taking off my hijab. if only ppl ain't that judgementi feel so sicksometimes i feel like i'm incapable of love because if anyone hurts me i'll just hurt them much worsei felt that, i feel youyou know what.. as long as i'm on a ranting spree.. ~another update~ happy to say that i feel much better! i seem to be b
i never walk alone from your hands, i feel your warmth you never walk alone feel me, youre not alone i vote for fo
once i feel ignored i will ignore you for the rest of my life.
i feel like writing but idk what to write :c
i didn't get any sleep last night because of someone making noises, so i told everyone to keep the presents
i feel so dead
anxiety rn is palpable, near tangible, like it's a presence. i feel like my brain is rotting
i feel so attacked
dreamon followed me everywhere, i feel blessed
every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...
ik people may think im wear for always wearing shorts but i can't help it and i feel uncomfortable with pants
i feel as if i should've been mentioned in this......
i feel incredibly sick.
saying "men go off temporary emotions" please <bleep> do not speak for me. i'm grown. i know what the <bleep> i feel
after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks will
i feel like i beat a high score whenever i get my electric bill lower than the previous month..
just had some super hot atchaar,i feel like i was lamza'd by a dragon...
jisoos is here i feel blessedt.
it's nice to talk on whatsapp groups but i feel like people won't attend this meeting im off to lol.
i'm debating on deleting all social media for the summer, i feel like i need a break
out of body, that's just how i feel when i'm around you shawty...
how cute are them girls that smile when they walk past instead of dirty looks i feel like hugging them
i think its nice when people find love, because i feel like everyone deserves it.
tho i feel bad for he cannot understand huhu
i feel it too.. this broken world!
i wanna play more p5 but i also dont wanna rush p5 u feel me, i feel like i need to homerun the game into the ground or ill get spoiled
i feel so old here in my design foundation class omfg is this how a senior college students feels like????
just because i don't show how i feel doesn't mean it's not killing me
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel like doing another of those ig message project on the boys' ig but i need to think of what to say
cold hearted would be an understatement as to how i feel at this point.
i feel like they wrote the messages with the weird glasses
i feel like i'm being punishment kodwa mzimba wami
i feel like everyone judges me when i sit on the train in the morning but i have back probs sorry
i feel like maybe i'm the only one who sees nothing cute about <bleep>es looking 29 turning 21,22
me: *wants to be spoiled* also me: *wont accept anything bc i feel extremely bad if anyone spends any amount of money on me*
170507 #party_baby #budapest_boom #daehyun #bap # do what i feel part1 #
im gonna come back as a bird in my next life. there are just some people who i feel deserve a little of their own medici
what the <bleep> im still shaking i feel numb
i feel like it's really consistent, i admire anyone who can make everything on their feed look good together
i feel like a indiana jones, bcoz you are the treasure i am looking for. #aldubxdtbytibokngpuso #dtbypanliligawmuli
althea,,,, i feel the same way hala shettt
"i want to sleep until i feel better."
i feel giddy after read tiffany's comment on taeyeon post lmao
i feel you!! i'm just really impatient and excited.
.@davefckelly all 3 guys (including the kopite) i feel that these guys deserve a bit of re
i feel ill reading comments under any seokjin related post its harming my health can they all just disappear
i feel like i was born in the wrong generation
definitely got a good sleep last night yet i feel so tired today
i feel equilibrium
and if the situation involves another i will most definitely help you understand why i feel the way i do
don't know if i feel worse sharing this or not sharing it. we women know these guys are out there. please don't make it easier
james brown - james brown - i feel good
idk if i feel more sad, ashamed or relieved that people on here who actually read my tweets know how crazy i can be
#appguesswho mapmygenome patri great product i feel.
i feel so sick you will never believe it
born to be great cuz i say what i feel and only the real could relate
literally why do i feel like it's gonna end with it all being in her imagination and she's locked up in some hospital ht
the samaritans do such a great job. last night i was in a dark place. i feel better because of a beautiful woman called jo
i let <bleep> go way to often. gotta start saying how i feel
i feel you. army squad i vote for for top social artist award at the #btsbbmas
instead of telling you how i feel, i tweet.
reading my tl now and i feel like im naliligaw. daming ganap beesh how to keep up #dtbypanliligawmuli
hit 40,000 followers today and i feel just as i did when i hit 100 deeply resentful of every single person who has morei feel like and i wld get along so great. we could just smoke a lot of pot together and talk about how stunni feel like <bleep>sssi feel today is going to be an extra coffee day.sometimes i feel like i need a new phone #btsbbmas [votei feel ui stil watch kdrama with subs but i feel like i'm not the only person who corrects the translations in my head lmfao oh wei feel this, i think in moderation na you are different from before.eh srs i feel so annoydi feel so empty. y is dati feel so jealous abt him..rather u shld spend night with me babei vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist award and suddenly i feel so afraid of the voidso sad i feel guilty of writing about my sadness...for every one follower lost, i feel like you'll gain 20 morei feel alone too muchhonestly, i didn't work much anyway but i feel like so much stress has been lifted now that i never have to go back to mcdi feel like my soul just left my bodyi did!! i feel quite ready! but still super nervous ongblessings are coming i feel ittill you're standing in my shoes, i don't wanna hear a thing from you cause you don't know till it happens to you you don't know how i feeli feel so lost not having anything to do with my daysyes saw that before the vote.i feel had they proof now of 'massive' fraud they'd be demanding an inquiry .after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks willwhen i feel like i'm pulling weight, but my daughter unexpectedly hides little memos for me. &lt;3i would tweet more but i feel like what i have to say is too important to allow everyone to be able to obtain iti feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied bysometimes i feel like i need to define my gender better, but also prefer to avoid binaries and spectrums at all costsi feel so incomplete.i feel the most stupid person ever.i feel so weakwhen it gets personal it's real lol i feel youi feel like i can be comfortable with any skill within 3 months?? a skill i dont have to think tholiterally why do i feel like it's gonna end with it all being in her imagination and she's locked up in some hospital hti feel like i'm the sweetest, most chill person ever but everybody got their own opinions .i feel like learningi feel like sm denies irene of dance stages like the ones seulgi does, bc she's not supposed to be the "girl crush" member.so, i don't think vilde really wants to be mean to sana, i feel like she only wants to be loved by the populars so she acts like themi feel more safe when cujo is in our rooma few boys just passed me, and one of them was saying that guys sounded f****** amazing though, i feel proud #bapinbudapei feel like the only way to navigate better in the fancafe is to improve my korean. #btsbbmas there is no other way.i feel so blessed. thank you lord the best ka po talaga. #defensedoneu r such an <bleep>. then no body should be using computers at all. i feel like laughingi feel itsometimes i feel like certain <bleep> can't happen to me because i can never put myself in the position to experience them.oh dear. i feel horrible saying this but as great as the staff are at my son's new school, i'm clearly the poshest parent.i'm so thankful that whenever i feel sad or bad i get to managed myself back cause my friends and family always there for mei feel like a indiana jones, bcoz you are the treasure i am looking for. #aldubxdtbytibokngpuso #dtbypanliligawmulii feel bad for people who aren't excited for their future"i want to sleep until i feel better."sometimes, i feel so tired and exhausted being a nice guy. those fake smile i usually wear have become a habit, but deep down it still fakei wanna fix that while i'm home for the summer. i feel like college has made me a bit more socially active and i don't want to lose that.all my <bleep>ing offline videos on youtube disappeared <bleep> yeah wtf is happening i feel so dead inside all of a sudden send helpi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happenonce i feel like i'm forcing you to talk to me i'm really gonna distance myself and if we don't speak so be iti feel so attackedtfollows me on instagram and i didn't know and i feel like a dumbass for being so oblivious oh godthe real i wish i was as close as i was with all my old friends i feel very distanti feel illyou have no idea how i feel about your potato waffleshad a dream corbyn won the election and when i asked him how he felt he went "well i feel like neither a lemon or a lime".... areet theni feel guilty bc i only voted 40 times ytd :&lt; #btsbbmas (009)im so <bleep>ing sick i feel disgusting i haven't missed a day all year ironic bc its national teacher daythat's actually such a disgrace, you know how she strongly i feel about thisi'll tell you that am fine just because i hate trying to explain how <bleep>ed up i feel.can you stan more than one artist and still legit stan? i feel like if you really stan you keep it 100i feel so nauseous and my back hurts..i like streaming and talking with people but it just.. idk i feel too embarassed to rewatch my streams..i feel more like a citizen of the internet than of my own country.i feel bad for anyone that has to deal with me bc i'm so annoying and relate everything to taylor swiftaww annie ira then ruba.. lol they all want me to join the reunion i feel loved lmaoat least i feel your touch, even if it is just when you walk on mei feel u mannn i feel ui feel terrible, i have to be at work in 15 minutes, and michael isnt even home.
i feel like i'm gonna get a heart attack before this submission time my heart rate is so fast for no reason and i'm shaking ahahaha
i feel like there should be a written test or something you have to pass before you can become president
i stil watch kdrama with subs but i feel like i'm not the only person who corrects the translations in my head lmfao oh we
once i feel like i'm bothering somebody i'm coo
prepara o cypher vote for bts for #btsbbmas i stand on the middle of the hot, empty stage and suddenly i feel so afra
thankk yuouoooouuuuu i feel so excited to wear them now
i feel you.
i feel wonderful
don't know if i feel worse sharing this or not sharing it. we women know these guys are out there. please don't make it easier
:( ses disbanded but i feel like they more active than f(x)
when i feel under pressure because of an exam, i just shut down now. i definitely wasn't like that my freshman or sophomore year...
fuck me i feel <bleep>ing gross
this is the moment when i feel so ashamed to be indonesian. #ripjustice #riphukumindonesia #ripindonesianjustice
i'm getting so disrespectful if i feel disrespected. make a <bleep> wish she never said nothing in the first place.
sometimes i feel like i'm dead and this is the bad place.
#signofthetimesmusicvideo #harrystylesenmtvhits why do i feel like a proud mother if he's about 9 years older than me?
it's either night time where you guys live or you are either too lazy right now.i feel all alone don't leave me #dafbama2
i feel like lil na taking me as a joke
i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so little
i feel like i'm constantly waiting for something that isn't going to happen
i feel ashamed.
i feel so bad when he doesn't win but lol it's so funny seeing him try
i feel massive
idk what i feel
all these fans meeting harry makes me emotional bc i feel jealous bc i really wanna meet him too but at the same time i
i feel so lonely
: i feel sorry for those who silently work for the government, putting out fires left and right.
i feel so weak
now u know how i feel about a rank c:
idk how i feel honestly but i wanted to go out and buy some food but otherwise im free i'll be back in 30-40 min probably???
i try to handle every situation with kindness, i feel sorry to those who are full of anger but i'm not looking to become t
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
literally why do i feel like it's gonna end with it all being in her imagination and she's locked up in some hospital ht
why do i feel like sehun is a low key freak but he just hides it by being sophisticated and such
i feel so ugly and <bleep>ty lmao
sometimes i feel like i'm just talking to myself
i feel like i'm nice to the wrong people
why do i feel like im the black sheep here? or am i?
gonna stop shopping for a while now since i feel like i finally build my wardrobe the way i want it and i have a lot of possibilities
today i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of love
i feel you vange :d
im gonna come back as a bird in my next life. there are just some people who i feel deserve a little of their own medici
i can't decide if i want to buy an older fast car or a newer economical comfy car, i feel like i'm turning 40 next mont
when you're at work but your family has errands for you to run as well. my legs hurt so much i feel like i ran for miles.
i don't even know why my body feels the need to be up and i feel like <bleep>.
when i'm alone, i think when i think, i remember when i remember, i feel pain when i feel pain, i cry when i cry, i can't
"i want to sleep until i feel better."
yah you're right. but i feel bad for her everyone's bashing her.
i feel like my life isn't mine
.@nct_as_hell i feel so wrong
honestly cat cow really saves my life. i feel like it releases all the tension stuck in my back and helps m
i had a positive fuelled morning and now i feel like <bleep> and it's not even midday yet, great.
i didn't have my phone from friday to monday and i feel like i'm a new person
i feel like pablo when i'm walking on my shoes said..
yes, i feel the need to ask why he once tweeted 'trust labour? i'd rather trust jimmy savile to babysit.'
i never been the blocking type but i feel like it's necessary.
why should i feel sad? lol
i feel that knot burning in my throat like i'm about to cry jfc
my mom always asks why my behavior is horrible sometimes and honestly i do not know i feel horrible im such a disgrace to everyone
i feel ya
its like my follower, i feel the pressure to preform , there all ways there its freaky yeah my follower
i feel sikc why :c
im reading tweets in a moving car and now i feel dizzy rip me
sometimes i feel like that's the storyline of the first season of the good place.
i feel something different with my gums. ugh
i really love your profile - i feel exactly the same - we are warriors of invisible battles and will not be defeated
i wanted to tell her how i feel buh she switched off her phone
i've been sick for 3 1/2 almost 4 months now n i feel it getting worse
there's a few people that i'm feeling are activating my deminess , but like i feel bad if i flirt cause polyam guilt feelings.when having him visit causes his car to get towed. i feel so <bleep>ing bad"i want to sleep until i feel better."i feel as if i need to tweet endlessly about video games soon. seemingly tweeted about wrestling nonstop for a few days. so.....what a great time to be harry's fan. we getting so many things from him i feel blessed.once i feel like i'm forcing you to talk to me i'm really gonna distance myself and if we don't speak so be iti'm starting to get really proud of my art style nowadays. i feel that i'm slowly developing my own style.i feel like i'm in a dream. i'm drowning i'm drowning what's happening i know woose i think i'm dying my spirit is oi feel like <bleep>but something strange deep inside of me is happening i feel unlikejust followed u and this is the first thing i saw.. i feel hungry..i think i have never experienced an inner flow using an editor like the one i feel withi feel too much or i feel emotionless, there's no in betweeni feel sick, but it's not severe enough to the point where i'll have an excused absence in school :/really hate when i feel like i'm bothering someone or i'm giving more effort then they arei feel so worried i can't stop thinking about this video. hope my baby is taking rest and feeling good.it's tough but i feel better for it!after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks willi feel you po"i feel european" says the eu enjoys a diversity of culture, ideas and traditions: #eu60 stories celebrati feel so bad for mark because his so called supporters do nothing but make him feel like <bleep>.i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutwhen the kindest human alive saying im kind i feel like flyingi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel betrayed i thought vol 2 was gonna make me laugh but it made me cried a lot. the funeral was beautifuli feel like not entirely awake today nicei feel so super lucky rni feel weird. its like, im supposed to be doing something, but there's nothing to do, but you feel like something's missing, but then....i feel like i have some much to look forward to this summersometimes i feel like i am being forgotten.man, i feel exactly the samei feel aap only taught bjp to hack evmi'm blunt for real, i just might say how i feel.just because i don't show how i feel doesn't mean it's not killing mei feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel like doing another of those ig message project on the boys' ig but i need to think of what to saycold hearted would be an understatement as to how i feel at this point.i feel gr8i feel like baked pasta again but eating the same thing 2 days in a row idk... so what about pizza instead?i feel i'm less productive on weeks where i have graps at the weekend simply because i'm excited for it!i feel personally insulted by these <bleep>ty generalizations!!!!!!!! do better, writers!!!!i feel dirty i really wanna clean my handsi feel like a indiana jones, bcoz you are the treasure i am looking for. #aldubxdtbytibokngpuso #dtbypanliligawmulisame hereeeee!!!! i feel yo pain!i feel like the scum of the earthidky but everytime i feel like giving up i always think about jmy mom thought it was 7 and rudely woke my <bleep> up at 6. woman i set my alarm everyday i feel so attacked im already sleep deprived.i feel like about 70% of our fandom thinks purple is truly namjoon's colour #btsbbmasi know i feel horrible lmaoand my poor boys daniel, seongwoo and samuel have ****** ** *** **** i feel bad for him i want to know how they chose itgonna try to put how i feel into words tomorrow......but truly i am so happy to be here. thank you for letting me make these mei feel guilty when i miss a workoutcircular dependencies re: visas and insurance have resulted in me with no hormone pills left. i feel bad for whoever i'm about to talk to.been drinking tea instead of coffee this week and i feel like a whole new mani feel like im about to drop n diei feel like when i get it back i'll appreciate the keyboard and trackpad so much. just like i appreciate my nose when i don't have a coldnobody knows what i feel inside.actions always speak louder than words but i can't live in with the hopes that you feel how i feel unless you say it.i feel u &lt;/3 no exitwhoever said tuesdays are worst than mondays i feel the paini feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me*hugs* i feel youuuusold 1/4, bought a bitcoin. i feel like there is some insider <bleep> going on. bought sold at $25fuck everything ah . i feel like <bleep> siai feel so sickat least i feel your touch even if it's just when you walk on methere aren't any topics i feel shaky on anymore except maybe trig <bleep>, so. ill just review some trig before school i guessi wish i can stop the pain i feel right now but i can't.back into bed i feel horriblei feel like everything is my fault .
i feel you
i feel like lisa
i feel so broken , our governor sentenced for 2 years #ripjusticeindonesia
i feel so nice mom i feel so nice i vote for for top social artist award #btsbbmas
i feel so lonely ):
i feel it coming
i feel like quitting crocheting lol i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas th
i feel like, in all our worry about the poor state of the labour party, some people are becoming increasingly niggly
fun fact: just bc i say "i feel you" doesn't always mean i agree with you. it's acknowledgement of your thoughts, feelings,
my tl is all harry i feel so attacked
i feel like everyone <bleep>s the life out of me
goddess i feel so submissive. #goddess i feel so weak. goddess i feel so humiliated. yes, you sound like a loser!
really hate when i feel like i'm bothering someone or i'm giving more effort then they are
[laughs hard.] i'm alright. besides the pain in my back and legs right now. i feel like a <bleep>ing old fat man.
hard to believe it but yah i feel great.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
i feel physically sick if my mum doesn't reply and these sell out i'm gonna cry
i feel sooooo bad
i feel like pulling my hair out. frustration levels escalating. i can't seem to get the simplest things to work. and i am so inconvenienced
i just don't understand why i'm even here. i feel alone to everybody else
i feel so well rested
i wish you could understand the way i feel about you.
i feel myself becoming desensitized. but i dont really care
to be honest i feel like caffeine is for those who don't have enough self discipline to regulate their daily sleep and work shedules.
i feel like about 70% of our fandom thinks purple is truly namjoon's colour #btsbbmas
'cause this pain i feel it won't go away
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel for you guys. let me know what i can do to help, or if anyone needs additional <bleep>istance in the area.
now playing: the weeknd - i feel it coming (feat. daft punk) [es] #nowplaying
i slept like 9 hours last night and i feel great, even though i'm filthy and too lazy to shower. i'm gonna get <bleep> done though. maybe.
i feel so far away you always come my way i vote for #bbmas top social artist award #btsbbmas
if you say so, then i feel inspired now.
i feel like its only in africa that a bird will see a human and fly away, for yankee them go like come sit ontop your hand
i'm on the bus i feel like i smell like
as if i finished school nearly 2 years ago i feel like i should be more grown up than this lol, i still act like i'm 15 with no worries
for once i feel like eating jpn style curry but that would require... actually cooking it... and i'm not sure if i'm up for this
i feel deeply for the courageous family of this brave daughter of india,...
i feel like i just woke up from a hangover
i'm glad i switched to papers again i feel pure af, as soon as i hit a dutch life's not the same anymore.
i feel like i'm just doing what i did yesterday
its amazing how crazy i feel when my phone vibrates and im begging it to be you. #kissesformyxph
i feel so annoying but i've never wanted something so bad #thevampsvip
i feel sorry for her eyes
i feel a complete disconnect with middle class ppl living round the corner #bbcdp #ge2017
kai i feel another killing spree is needed
gonna try to put how i feel into words tomorrow......but truly i am so happy to be here. thank you for letting me make these me
i feel like wonder woman in this pic #wonderwoman
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
i feel like skatings gotta reach its limits one day but then some kid always comes around and is like "oh btw did u know this is possible"
that doesn't stop me from being so angry with myself. i feel like such a piece of crap. (2/2)
suboptimal. ah, im rocking this out, i feel better.
i don't know how i feel about myself right now and hopefully i feel much better after this two week break
today will be a good day ! i feel it
i feel like my pet bunnies will know i murdered their cousin and judge me
"sometimes, when i feel hopeless, i think of you. your image gives me all the strength and courage i'll ever need." #sorenbot
dear phone, thanks for being there when i feel alone.
i feel like a little kid continuously elbowing me in the gut is a sign from god i shouldn't be reading nsfw fic on a train at 7 am
i wish i can stop the pain i feel right now but i can't.
i feel so alonelet me apologise properly. i am /so/ sorry i hurt you. you are my princess and i feel awful...."i feel youi feel like <bleep>. <bleep> it sweden, why do you change your weather so extrem?once i feel different about u, ur donewant to go down continuing the stories i left, but listening to the songs.... hell, i feel like i want to rewatch ul again, ruiwen~~waaaay~ i feel blessed.i feel so nice mom i feel so nice i vote for for top social artist award #btsbbmasi feel like i've missed a lot when i go a few hours without being #onhere . go busy gore!this is a bizzare form of child abuse! i feel sorry for the kids!i feel ya m8. damn sad...after seeing <bleep> army's these dead bodies i feel proud abt the bravest army of afghanistan these kinds of attacks willi feel so bad being in a train with around 200 person and we're all on our phones even kidsi feel distracted about these tweets between i trust you and i'm so jealous.i say that to say.... but i don't have to care about your opinion because i feel my opinion matters more just saying...yeah i fucc up from time to time, 6ut i'd never have anyone looking stupid or clueless how i feel a6out them. i had a 6ig heart, its gonei feel like i'm always exposing myself one way or another lol.when people try to make you feel bad for looking good... lol i feel bad for your sadnessi feel unwanteda new guy in my class is listening to , i feel a strong connection with himi feel so powerfulokuda: i feel the same way dear~ although i'd work on that temper of yours...~i feel like a man who has no money, but is allowed to draw from one infinitely rich. i am at once both a beggar and richokay but there are only six episodes of hajime no ippo left for me to watch and i feel like i can already feel the post-anime depressioni feel kinda goodi feel like i'm dyingi don't care if the whole world is against me, coz when i'm wid u i feel invincible... #kaira for #bestjodi #spa201i feel attackedi feel like spring day was dedicated to me, therefore, i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmasi feel so alone frick.#harrystylestoday i feel like carolina is already my favorite omfhow i feel watching real world every weekwithout you i feel brokei feel like every worcester rapper raps about the same thingno one ever texts me back so i feel it.which is exactly why i feel that the west tryimg to inflate popularity is just going to give a lukewarm presentation at best"i want to sleep until i feel better."sometimes i feel like i'm incapable of love because if anyone hurts me i'll just hurt them much worsedoes black beauty mag - i feel in both that racially ambiguous women are often over represented as opposed ti'm them for real, i might just gif how i feeli feel like another competition. what do you good people say? 300 subscribers then i'll get some prizes sorted and we'yea i feel that hard for me to stay of the scene, just been working getting ready this new year and working on my pthere are times when i feel broken, though i know that in those moments, god's still got me. he still loves me. he's stii feel you. i've want to watch bon voyage sooo bad too i vote for top social artist #btsbbmasi want that youngjae fan sosososososo bad but i feel like shipping fees are going to be insanei feel we need poverty campaigner elaine c. smith to tell me why the cut in flight taxes is good for our kids.no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feeltoday bout to be oc dry i feel iti feel like i was getting subbedi feel like foreigners come to america and expect to be amazed but the only surprise is that the mcrib is back at mcdonaldsi feel uneasy if i left my cake in the refrigerator but it tastes better that way- ahh what to do, what to do...tomorrow is my last exam ever in math and i don't know how i feel about it.i can get very v e r y disrespectful at the mouth if i feel some type of way towards youi feel sorry for people who don't drink. when they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel alli feel so tired i just want to sleepi wish i can stop the pain i feel right now but i can't.she deserves all of the answer tbh but i feel like <bleep>
i feel like it already takes an hour to check out at a walmart superstore, now it will take even longer #badcall
god i feel uncomfortable when people talk to me just let me listen to music and breathe i don't want to be extra
ugh i feel so lost at the moment. i need to somehow get back into my old routine, but my body and mind is making it impossible.
i feel like i'm from the past and the future and idk how that's possible but somehow i know it is.
maths on monday :d oh joy i feel like chopping my head off using a pencil so i'll be in less agony
i feel so nice mom i feel so nice i vote for for top social artist award #btsbbmas
.@tweetsbybilal thanks for following me but now i feel a little pressure to tweet intelligent things lol
was watching durre shehwar and now i feel so so sad. stubborn, insecure mothers can make life hell for their own sons.
i feel the urge to finish dwts but moms sleeping. <bleep> it.
i've tried to fall for so many couples from so many tv shows, and even though i liked them, nothing ever compared to how i f
nobody understands what i feel
you couldn't tell me i was done with school, i feel so played
i am not even jakartans but tell you what i feel so sad and i even shed a tears. pak ahok didn't deserve this. he has done m
mcelroy says capital punishment = <bleep> negative but i feel like bataille would disagree
most troubling for me is the attempts out of china. i feel like that's the main vector.
girl i feel you
i feel you girl t_t *cries in corner*
i feel so sick man
the more i hear from our opposition the more reassured i feel about june 8 #ge2017
every time i wake up i feel like death
i feel like the god of stress, still awake i never rest
i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.
i feel like i should go to the salon across the road before july so my eyebrows can be on fleek for tm brother's graduation
no i feel bc i woke up hungry and am gonna go make something lmao
i feel like i'm dying
i'm sorry if i reply like a dumb flower. my head hurts and i feel tipsy
i feel like about 70% of our fandom thinks purple is truly namjoon's colour #btsbbmas
today is the day you guys i feel like ive been waiting for this moment my whole life yes, today..... *cue epic music* i
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i will still rustle their teams whenever i feel like it. they're gonna need bigger groups. i can't be stopped
first time in a year and a half i feel like this hard work is paying off
i feel personally attacked by the fact that i need to be studying for my ap exams when all i want to do is hike in the mo
i feel like maybe i'm the only one who sees nothing cute about <bleep>es looking 29 turning 21,22
if i feel myself stressing out... i just close my eyes for a second think of saying "kate, it's not that deep" lol!
i feel useless, yep i am.
i feel more like a citizen of the internet than of my own country.
i feel like everyone else knows so much more about the eng lit stuff than me
i feel like cypher 4 is good too but ofc u gotta prioritize the whole group
first time in my 20th years of life i feel extremely broken inside for a governor. i'm not even a jakartans, yet have experienced his works
summer is comin, i feel it
i feel like a bother to every single person in my life
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
maybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i care.
drank hot chocolate from the cafe downstairs and i swear i feel like i'm about to pass out
i'm afraid to tell you how i feel because it might just mean nothing to you.
i have like no makeup on and i feel / look so ugly .... great...
i feel we need poverty campaigner elaine c. smith to tell me why the cut in flight taxes is good for our kids.
go go go! haha. i had my supper and i feel sleepy nox .(--)zzz
i'm tired of being the one who does and will do anything to make you happy and you won't do the same. no wonder i feel worthless.
i feel like foreigners come to america and expect to be amazed but the only surprise is that the mcrib is back at mcdonalds
i feel like a three week old bag of dog <bleep>.
yeah i feel the same man
i feel like they're gonna show sana's ability in the next teaser and jeongyeon gon have some weird hair
i'm seriously scared to watch my videos now because i was screaming/singing sooooo loud. i feel sorry for the people who
i feel so sad,i hope they have a happy ending
the word "sad" doesn't really describe what i feel anymore because i feel much more than just sadof course i feel like <bleep> the day of my presentationthis is a valid point, but i feel like many people were also taken aback by how absorbing he is on stage, whici feel so nice mom i feel so nice i vote for for top social artist award #btsbbmasi feel you bruhi feel terriblei feel <bleep>ty againevery night in my dreams, i see u i feel ui feel like i'm slowly losing my interest in everything!i went to sleep at 7:30 last night... i feel greati enjoy adding songs in my playlists on spotify according to the genre. i feel like i'm organising my lifemaybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i care.so now i feel i have to rush my lifewords are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you #kissesformyxphi vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist. deeper, i feel like dying every dayi thought i was going to cry because i missed the bus but now i feel all cosy and i've had coffee and i'm warm and in a homely cafei feel your painj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si vote for for #btsbbmas for top social artist award today we fight i feel so far away you always come my way liei feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythii feel weird when private accounts follow me... like... who are you?i feel like brazilians can't write a sentence without saying aaaai feel really bad for people who don't have a mom or aren't close to their moms, everyone deserves a momi feel the samei feel stupid cause i still pray for you.no one ever gives a <bleep> about how i feel so...built a table and changed my sheets. i feel invincible.i've officially gone braless for the past 7 days and it's been wonderful. i feel like a new woman. so free.i feel so unproductive just by looking at her waste her day away lord pls give me strengthi feel ya brobloody hell i feel worse than ever what did she do to mesort of robot who can just go through my life without getting sick. i get sick sometimes. and there will be times when i feel sick that iyes more selca's, i feel so greedy. your support helps a lot"i want to sleep until i feel better."i feel like my emails go straight to my tutors junk maili feel hopeless romantici feel you in words that haven't been said, in runaway memories, in my skin...i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel like ur gonna like let me down one dayi've just finished my english homework in my free lesson ,, i feel proud that i've actually accomplished somethingup and feeling some type of way bc i feel ignored ...and when youre gone i feel #btsbbmas incomplete hope worldi feel like is underrated. this industry thoutv news tonight.... i feel sad. my whole fam tbh. gak abis pikir sumpah.i feel sorry for you.yeses the tests i've written so far i feel like dyingi've never had test anxiety so bad in my entire life, my stomach is twisting, i feel like i can't breath, oh my godbro i feel weirdwhy do i feel like i've heard that before?i feel for my man he did his thing out there and got it taken away over nothing. #itsastupidrule
now.after syahadah i feel at peace and hopeful,and i feel that this was definitely the right decision.im really excited fr this new chapter
not sure how i feel about this
i feel u
i feel so broken knowing that it's the end
once i feel different about u, ur done
i'm getting so disrespectful if i feel disrespected. make a <bleep> wish she never said nothing in the first place.
i feel so dehydrated and weak and groggy and ughh i quit
i'm so sensitive to everything atm i feel
dr. ai huey made me feel sad, scared and inspired at the same time. i feel honoured to be one of yr klang students last time. fighting!!
i feel your pain henry
i feel! we gotta step it up this summer
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
twitter used to be fun. i feel like all i do is talk to myself on here now
i feel the same way right now.. /: hopefully you meet some cool peeps soon
why do i feel the need to act like a teenager and go to halo mondays? i am dying
i feel happy. god definitely be on my side.
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
i feel you bruh.
i feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied by
the absolute fury i feel when people leave stupidly sized gaps between cars. park properly and don't be a <bleep>head man.
i feel like such a baby. seriously. i just want to eat, cry and sleep. welcome to finals week.
although waiting time is sooooo long,,, but now i feel happy
i feel so <bleep>ing lazy this morning i forgot my work belt and i don't even feel like fixing my parking right now
i wanna go paris but i'll be set up for something i feel it x
i had taquitos for lunch so i feel u
i feel you sis
if i feel like you pushing me away ima let you !
lol i feel so bad because there's a queen that i absolutely adore, but i want her to go home early because her stans are annoying.
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i don't vent to nobody all the <bleep> i feel i keep that <bleep> inside that's not good tho
i'm not saying i deserve to be rich and famous, i'm just saying i feel like i was suppose to be
i feel bad for brayan cause i get so cranky when he wakes me up in the morning
i feel like sm denies irene of dance stages like the ones seulgi does, bc she's not supposed to be the "girl crush" member.
"every time i feel emotionally disturbed i brap" -josh mckay
the love for "destiny" is overwhelming! i feel blessed to be apart of it #thuto
#fionanicole got the bonus room. i feel like some karma is coming back around. #houserules
i feel like i need a blunt or three..
just about every arts manager i've ever met used to be an acrobat or something, i feel my credentials are lacking
is <bleep> off an emotion bc i feel it in my soul
when i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave me
ha ha i feel like that a lot too. hard to quiet the mind with so much going on.
comment on the video for every day is exactly the same by nine inch nails: "i feel like this is the story about a retail employee"
"i want to sleep until i feel better."
i feel your pain
today i feel old and grumpy like the most modern technology.
i feel so fat and ugly today
i feel like i need to take a shower after talking to captain <bleep>trumpet
i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist. i feel the sharp reality more every day
i feel flattered and violated at the same time
i feel so tired and with no energy i hate it!
i just don't understand the spongebob jokes rn and i feel really dumb
trust me i feel your pain <bleep>
i posted an introduction for one class, in the opposite class' discussion board and i feel like i seem dumb.
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
i feel myself slipping into such a dark space
"when i feel when your eyes capture. view the goblet of magic
i feel like 50lb jacket was just taken off of me
- don't expect too much i'm lame - but this is bc they keep on posting beautiful pictures i feel the need to feed y'all
i'm not religious. at all. but when someone asks me to pray for them i do. i feel like it's the respectful thing to do.
i feel so sorry for girls who post two <bleep>s about their boyfriends and the guy won't even take her out with his friends.
i've been on the low, i've been taking my time, i feel like i'm out of my mind, it feel like my life ain't mine... who can relate?
i feel so stupid for loving you.
this is the first time i feel i need to have a drink maybe more than two shots of vodka
you've been scared of love and what it did to you you don't have to run,i know what you've been through just a simple to
instead of telling you how i feel, i tweet.
'i think online shopping is an addiction for me. i'm secretly hiding things from my husband. i feel guilty.' -
*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loser
- that's hilarious, and about how i feel right now !i'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingi feel like your dogs might do this.i feel like every time i give someone a chance it blows up in my facei feel so nice mom i feel so nice i vote for for top social artist award #btsbbmasi feel like <bleep>...i feel badly for his child ! he's looking for sympathy playing the victim, he has all the money world and doesn't reli feel a lot better today but i sound a lot worse. ain't that always the way.i feel you bruhi feel like if i answer this you'll report methank you for that. but i feel you man. always feels like i'm missing something.the way jeongguk said "it feels nice" and "i feel great" to yoongi dancing with him :---( hes still a soft lil babyi feel good this morningmy son looks so beuaotufl kn pink i feel bleesedtoh wow. i feel like <bleep>i feel like sokka when he drank that cactus justice i vote for for #btsbbmasi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.i feel so sick to my stomach...i feel good dab todayme trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.it hurts my pride to tell you how i feel, but i still need to ~ why is thati feel like <bleep> todaythat's crazy! i feel the same way about home but know i have so much family around it will still be home!i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti feel so sad?? shoot mei feel your pain,my hay fever causes my mouth roof to itch,which i have to get relief using my tonguei hate it when i feel like, i want to cry with no specific reason. or maybe, i just want to deny the real reason.im so depressed idk what to do now. im so lost. i feel so uselessi feel some type of way when people can't communicate with me effectively.i feel goodi feel amazing! are you using auras?i feel u, i actually haven't been to the cinema in about 3 / 4 years, gonna try catch this onei feel personally victimized by a cereal rnsometimes, i feel like i just wanna be saved. but sometimes i also feel like, you know what? don't save me at all. i'm not worth it and..i didnt have time to watch the new ep i feel sadmy fave bts lyrics is not today. when i depressed, i listen it. i feel better after that. ^^ that's why i votei feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.i think too much, i see too much, i feel too much but i speak so little*hits the like in a "i feel you, but i'm also here to support" way*i feel sorry for you, indonesia. not only jakartan's lost but also indonesian's lost #riphukumindonesiai feel so weird my ear canal thingy is swollen and i cant hear <bleep> outta myleft eari feel like i dont know you but i know youi feel like you'd appreciate the movie plague dogsi feel so sorry. im sobbingi feel great when i <bleep> bud don't mei feel like throwing you off a bridgeas frank skinner said....i like wolverhampton, it's not often i feel fashionable. ;-)so today youngjae almost sit on me .. i feel so betrayed right now. seriously thinking about going back to the dorm and litoday i feel theater aspirants should forget national school of drama and join iit instead. #delhiassembly #dramebaazaapi feel good this morning!!nixcraft: not gonna lie sometimes i feel like a wizard \_()_/awwwwww thank you!! i feel ashamed because i showed all my greed...haha right? i feel proud xpi feel horriblewell i feel terrible but im home at least.i'll tell you that am fine just because i hate trying to explain how <bleep>ed up i feel.since i wasn't expecting a sample for these limited discs (they never published xfds for homemade cds) i feel trolled... wi feel like toby flandersoni have an ex *from* paris but not *in* paris and she is not on this website so i can't dm her. i feel left out. :(i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing megod really gonna bless me i feel itdo u feel dat? coz i feel dati feel like you still young minded if you hate hearing the truth like grow tf up accept <bleep> for what it is.can i "boom"? i feel like this deserves a boom.i feel like this is mei feel so sickyes! i feel out of the loop!just one thing i feel bad for the students who'd given their blood, sweat, and tears to get a communication degree.i feel like im finna make a new top 10 for 2016 i done heard too many albums that i missed last yearnot gonna lie sometimes i feel like a wizard \_()_/.@sflcin divan: with regard to the right t
i feel like that is very untrue.. just because i think i might have the best girl ever.. but everything's debatable
sometimes i feel like i have fomo but itll b worth it in the end.
this is my vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist i feel like my life has been filled up ever since bts became my ub group
i feel like all my kids grew up and married each other. it's every parent's dream.
i feel like troubling him more, for he deserves some for what he does every time.
if my <bleep>ties have ever been in your mouth , i feel you owe me a mother's day gift ...
i feel so nice mom i feel so nice i vote for for top social artist award #btsbbmas
i'm getting so disrespectful if i feel disrespected. make a <bleep> wish she never said nothing in the first place.
i feel special :)
i feel like technology keeps advancing...but people are not. #backwards
i feel omg. i do have a nice hotel now so i'm
i stand on the middle of the hot, empty stage and suddenly i feel so afraid of the void i vote for #btsbbmas
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection. tylerxtanner bdaycountdown tmi
sometimes when i feel like i'm not doing well in life i just look through my facebook and realise i'm doing much better than others
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
i feel like
this is cute. i feel like she's gonna ignore me now bc "she's not soft". whispers she is
it's either night time where you guys live or you are either too lazy right now.i feel all alone don't leave me #dafbama2
blah i feel like ima get in trouble at work, but i refuse to be up there bleeding
geez i feel old. :/
every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...
i'm okay but i'm not. i'm not happy. i'm not sad. most of the time i don't even know. i feel confused. i guess i'm living bu
i feel so sad?? shoot me
i feel bad for whoever counted me out... well not really, i just feel bad for their decision making.
i feel like i constantly annoy everybody. sorry
i feel dead
i don't know when i will be back but probably on friday when harry released his album already idk just pray for me i feel like dying
i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feel
i feel your pain
sometimes i feel like i'm mature enough to move out, and then i go for a wee and piss on my own sock
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel like my life is going by so fast that i'm not living it right...i don't have everything i want and it <bleep>s cause
i definitely think aces will be successful in their new division(still were amazing in medium)but i feel this is a good new
that's how i feel when someone new tries to lecture me on tm stuff
i feel like i would've gotten sick of mai if i knew him in real life
sometimes i feel so empty, that i can't even find any emotions within me.
i feel relief
i feel lonely today
and i feel that too right now oh my god
thats the same way i feel about stugotz he's completely unlikable and completely annoying
when i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave me
sometimes i feel ok about myself and then i see someone smaller or prettier and i just wanna <bleep>in die.
i just crossed three streets in a row without even looking up from my phone. that's how i feel this morning. #honeybadgerdontcare
i feel like this should be in caps
i should go to sleep but i'm having anxiety so i feel like cooking
i feel good today, i hope these feelings wont go away
i hate that i ever let a <bleep> know how i feel about em.. <bleep> just go down hill from there lbs.. i'd rather be mean 25
"yeah, definitely. i feel myself growing every day as a person, as we all do. just getting older and wiser, hopefully"
i feel bad for anyone that has to deal with me bc i'm so annoying and relate everything to taylor swift
i feel like i'm wasting my days
"i want to sleep until i feel better."
without you i feel uneven
eh i feel like it's too soon to be smitten.
man i'm so blessed .... i feel so blessed ...
i feel better after everything. pain's still here but i know one day i'll be fine. i'll be okay.
yahh i feel you bes
bro i feel u
i feel like it's been noted a few times that comey lives for big stage, limelight mo
i get jealous because sometimes i feel i'm not good enough for you, and might lose you to someone better.
i feel like something's gonna happen :/
when ever i feel sad, immediately i stop being sad and be awesome instead
dear phone, thanks for being there when i feel alone and out of place.
i feel motivated for some reason
i feel like i'm about to pass out.
i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so little
#thuto issa dope album, with no doubt, but i feel like nasty c's #badhairextensions is better than #thuto.
when specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i owi feel much better all nervousness i only slept four hours and now i'm so sleepy let me take a long naponce i feel different about u, ur donei feel annoyed and frustrated right nowi want to give all of my attention to this path..and i feel like i'm not giving my home, my town, my co-workers my undivided attention..without you, i feel torn, like a sail in a storm. i vote for for #btsbbmas at top social artist awards.i'm sick so i feel youi feel people played sky only for its story and characters.seeing harry in that pink suit actually changed my life i feel like a better person honestlywhy is wendy so cute, one smile from her and i feel so soft all of the sudden asdfasdfasfkhaslfi feel like i'm gunna lose you and it kinda kills me on the insidenobody gives a <bleep> how i feel lmaoi can't find the right words to say about how i feel right nowi feel like college graduations mean more than high schooli feel so ugly today loloh god i feel like <bleep>i really think the liar and his lover gonna do a future/flashfoward scene tonight for the final ep and i don't knowi feel bad for whoever has to put up with me when i'm in a bad mood im so <bleep>yj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisfinna go roll up cause i feel that evil side coming outan old lady hit me with her walking stick to get me to move in the prescription line and i feel violatedi feel like a winner already #kfcreationsi feel vindicated because i don't even like sansa stark. she better die next seasonwithout you, i feel broke. like i'm half of whole. i vote for for #btsbbmas at top social artist awards.me falling in love again is dangerous i feel like i done suffered enoughi feel like everyone talks about me as 'that weird girl' behind my backim stress eating right now and i feel like i cant type anymorei feel like now days you can't have actual fuccin friends without people thinkin yall fuccin around. like gahdamn we can'tvomiting and letting ppl know how i feel #stateyourphobiasin general i feel like people should have the "don't do something to someone you wouldn't want to be done to you" mentality. httdolla just might fxck ya main bxtch that's just how i feelyou can be the chillssss that i feel on our first date.i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somethinits amazing how crazy i feel when my phone vibrates and im begging it to be you. #kissesformyxphi feel like lil wayne knows something that nobody else does and we need to start building our defenses as soon as possiblei feel like within the past 3 years, i've lost myself and at the same time.. i've found myself too.i feel so overwhelmed with gotg they had the volume 1 vinyl for 9 at hmv so i had to get iti vote for top social artist award #btsbbmas no one will stop me from loving bts, they r my life.without em, ii feel so sicki feel bad for anyone that has to deal with me bc i'm so annoying and relate everything to taylor swifti wish i can stop the pain i feel right now but i can't.i feel you. i like some of his performances, but most of the time, he can be completely terrible.i feel you
fuck i feel like death
i feel like john gotti
i feel so special bcuz my bff will design my graduation dress by her own hands
i feel so nice mom i feel so nice i vote for for top social artist award #btsbbmas
i feel like all these <bleep>s hating
i hate when i feel like i didn't sleep at all
does #ru21 have a group chat cause i feel like every college has one and i'm tryna be on one
they get in a car with me every week idk i feel like it'll come across so rude
getting retweeted by so many furries i feel like calling animal control
i feel absolutely uncomfortable in sport class. i feel stupid....
really?! i'll check them out. i feel like i'd be into them but i just haven't given them a chance.
poor jungkook, he was just being his normal extra self when suddenly got hit with the jumping rope.. i feel bad for laughing
i feel like my entire world is falling apart and i just got told what exams i have and i got the absolut worst one...
i feel like famous dex communicates like a pokemon but instead of saying <bleep> like "pika pika" he goes "dexter dexter! uh
i feel like those have already existed, no?
i feel like i'm constantly waiting for something that isn't going to happen
why do i feel nervous
i feel obligated to make a red carpet/rug/rum comment here.
well now that i'm up i feel like a run would do me good
i feel the way my poems must feel when i finally let them out onto the page.... home.
i feel really unlovable. like i'm deadass never going to find anyone who loves me for me. that's crazy
that new harry styles video is how i feel when i take an edible
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i feel depleted at this point
i feel so stupid for loving you.
got some yard work done last night. talk about a relief. still, i feel like tim "the toolman" taylor with this kind of equipment
can y'all just imagine how fights at got7's dorm is or used to be like? i feel like the one always ready to fight over s
excuse me but they're <bleep>ing gods i feel weak for everyones thats gonna see them, intl artists are gonna be cancelled
did every one take a nap today? i feel like we all took naps today. good work everyone.
gonna try to put how i feel into words tomorrow......but truly i am so happy to be here. thank you for letting me make these me
my bestie is totally crazy with sungjoy and btob. bzbanajvsbsj i feel like a proud friend *evil laugh
i feel like peeps in jozi are trying to develop a taal like pitori. they must climatise us, they shouldn't be so abrupt.
i feel kind of sadness when thinking of it at the same time grateful because they won't make it until ep 16 without these kind of plots.
i feel and look like <bleep>
i am incharge of how i feel and today i am choosing happiness. tylerxtanner bdaycountdown tmi
i know, i feel nostalgic already. i mean, fifty shades freed comes out and that's it
wow what is this <bleep>erfly thing i feel in my chest. emotions??? feelings??? what??? happy???
i feel soo lazy today because of the snow in the morning. my mind thinks of the christmas time #iwantspring
i feel like <bleep> lfmao fun timesssssss
i feel like my hair never grew so should i just go cut it supa short orrrr
doing nth all day really stresses me out bc i feel like im wasting my whole life but im like too stressed out to actually s
yooo i feel like <bleep>
anyone else wonder how easy your classes would be for the younger you? i feel like i've gone so easy kindergarten me c
somehow i feel like im a failure at everything lmao
i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so little
i feel same when i see this, like the horse i tweeted about earlier. sick to the stomach about it all
i feel like a million bucks a churning mass of antlers and rolling eyes pouring through the forest at night like a great
i feel there may be some impediments to that scenario...
no lyrics can express how i feel about you.
do you care how i feel? do you care how i feel when you said i owe him for your life??
at the airport for an hour and have already been in 5 lines. i feel so civilized. and dead inside.
hang on... dunno how i feel about this
it's so scary isn't it??? i'm so not ready for teenage years, and there's no way i feel old enough to have an 11year old!
crazy i'm graduating next year like wtf i feel like i just got here
i feel like i'm not specialthe word "sad" doesn't really describe what i feel anymore because i feel much more than just sadi feel youyou know what? i feel like i'm losing my hope to this country.i'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingyo! have any one tried food at kumori in sm north edsa!? i feel incredibly hungry.unfortunately, i feel, that by doing stuff like that, we're going to have a second term of him :|outta body, that's just how i feel when i'm around you shawty.i feel like i am diagonally parked in a parallel universe. - unknown #aldubxdtbytibokngpuso #dtbypanliligawmulii only like going out by myself, i feel way more relaxedwithout my glasses, i feel half-blind :(social media makes me so anxious! i feel so sorry for young kids growing up with instagram thinking that's what the girlsi feel like sm denies irene of dance stages like the ones seulgi does, bc she's not supposed to be the "girl crush" member.not the kid though. i feel for him toowhen you dont even care how i feel when you ignored me. i should stop believing that i am one of your friendsnow i feel like i'm alone.poor jungkook, he was just being his normal extra self when suddenly got hit with the jumping rope.. i feel bad for laughingimagine how i feelnothing starts my day like someone telling me how i feel...i breathed in some dust when cleaning my place, and i feel like i need an inhaler like i did when i was 14. never dust anything.today's workout made me so nauseous. i feel sick to my stomach.i feel this in the core of my <bleep>ty existencei feel so lucky to have louis whos so strong, h whos so brave, niall whos always smiling no matter what, liam who learned toi feel like <bleep>i feel like shopping and spending my money la. need to buy new shoes, clothes. im running out of it"how do you feel about dk becoming the new captain?" the8: "i feel uneasy." "what do you feel uneasy about?" the8: "just himrt. to vote i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmas i know, i feel like tony montana!i know i feel you 24 in decemberi feel really unlovable. like i'm deadass never going to find anyone who loves me for me. that's crazywow i'm going to witness focus live... i feel blessed.ewwww when jackie sticks out her tongue i feel sick #bbwlai can't help how i feel i'm just keeping it realreally don't know how i feel about jordan leaving me for 4 long daysi feel like i wake up every morning and there's an airline trending on twitter.i feel the samei feel like maybe i'm the only one who sees nothing cute about <bleep>es looking 29 turning 21,22i feel rana is missing in the list.i don't like it when i feel this wayi saw there was a kanade one maybe so i feel the callingthis is the only time of year i feel like it is acceptable to own a hummer.it's been a while since i played my guitar i feel like my fingers r giving up now #btsbbmasi feel u :(if i feel like you pushing me away ima let you !it's so hard for me to talk about how i feelmy twitter timeline is full of harry styles wearing a pink suit. i don't know what i feel about iteverybody knows and i feel left out..i feel like there's a pun here somewhere <bleep> i can't quite put my finger on itwow this is the first time i feel like i've gotten enough sleep all yearthe pride i feel just by being. dopest feeling in the world. i am versatile. i am phenomenal. i am an amazing black womaeveryday i go to work i feel so f-ing lucky because everybody is so f-ing nice and cool and there's #nah is rt'ing a tweet from my multi cheheb now i feel bad for not quoting it here instead fkenjei feel like i can't get a maintenance just get a whole new fresh one jet blacki feel like i need this!ahh i feel bad that you changed it. but it's pretty, i love the icon, you look so ethereal.i feel horrible in case u were wonderingi feel horriblei think i expect so much because i would break my back for the people i love and most times i feel like it's not reciprocatei feel like barrys dad in the bee movie would strike the character the writers were going for if he were to be voiced by danni feel like certain arguments are healthy to havei understand not being involved with any of your ppl but i can't seem to understand ppl getting in my way at the gym. i feel it's a stretchbut when i do say how i feel it's a problem. lie to you or hurt your feelings?sometimes i feel like we're friends, sometimes i feel like we're more than friends, and sometimes i feel like i've nevi want to do aegyo 24/7 i feel like i was born for thisi feel like once a month the thinks the b/q/r train riders are getting too comfortable and think, hey, lets have a power outagei feel like crap because my brother always put me in the middle of things that not my business.when i talk to someone my intentions are never to hurt them, but i do, bc they fall for me before i know for sure how i feel abt them..just one thing i feel bad for the students who'd given their blood, sweat, and tears to get a communication degree.i feel like a love guru for listening o some ppl's heart experience hsjakajdjhello i'm at school and i feel like i'm gonna throw up again.... so i'll present my speech then go the <bleep> home
the word "sad" doesn't really describe what i feel anymore because i feel much more than just sad
i feel like i'm the only person who doesn't give a <bleep> about he pens
the weeknd - (feat. daft punk) i feel it coming
yupp!! i feel that n it is well put statement #tuesdaythought
i feel so much better when i pray
i always overuse the word "tired" because i can never find a better word to describe how i feel and that is literally
growing up asian, i was taught buying flavored drinks was always too expensive so now everytime i buy a <bleep>ing sola i feel s
not the most successful weigh out of the challenge but i feel like i've learned a lot during it.
honestly i feel that he is the worst person on the internet today and that's quite an achievement
i feel emotions way too <bleep>ing deep and it <bleep>s me up man
i can't believe i just landed on a whole $29.50 after selling back all of my textbooks. i feel like a millionaire
i feel sick, all we ever hear about is hitler in our history books what about the english, the french the spanish etc smh
i love him so much... i feel pain in my heart bc of this
why do i feel bored sometimes its like,,,,,,,all the boredness mixed with lazy and no effort to even fangirl out sometimes
i feel like throwing up
at that young i feel like you're still one person.
aw man, i feel i work very well with cr on xd though the lure of switching to fanart may be just too much!
i think oomf is on the dl <bleep>tttt it could just be mebut i feel like he is
lmk why i feel more accomplished finishing my first yr of college than i did graduating from high school
i feel sorry for his family
i feel so privledged to be booped by :)
i feel like this is a trick question...
i feel this on every level
i try my best to not disrespect anyone. even when i feel disrespected. there's always a better way to get things done.
i feel so numb today
i ate two empanadas in one sitting which was not a good idea i feel like puking
i feel like i should be complaining, but....eh, whatever
you can find a lot of stuff in china for 30 cents i feel
got my car cleaned and i feel like i've got my life together because of it
my brain is literally fried after this weekend i feel
if u ever shop at ross, it'd be greatly appreciated if u put <bleep> back where u got it bc i feel bad fr sales floor doing so much go-backs
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.
i'm not saying i deserve to be rich and famous, i'm just saying i feel like i was suppose to be
i feel bad for those people whose friends censor their faces on their tinder profiles hahahaha
i feel like maybe i'm the only one who sees nothing cute about <bleep>es looking 29 turning 21,22
i feel like this is karma
lmao i feel like this gonna be me too
nut why do men older than my dad think it's orite to comment on how 'tidy' young girls are lol weirddddddd i feel ill
hi, beautiful such a teasing view of your body and where your hand is i feel a surge of blood in my body, ahah
i feel like <bleep>ing <bleep>
if i feel single imma act single
i feel myself becoming less important to people as every single day passes
a lot of yall creatives be stealing but i guess u gotta get creative with theft so i feel u
i feel that aot is one of those series where the anime adaptation serves for a much more enjoyable experience
i feel you bbg.
i feel really unlovable. like i'm deadass never going to find anyone who loves me for me. that's crazy
i feel kingston toned down the seriousness of the song.
i feel so <bleep>ed up
i feel like ya'll don't like hearing the truth lol
im happy... somehow, i feel a little better.
miz i feel has all the skills and tools to be champion once again. maybe in due time.
irritated cj?? respect for others?? that's <bleep> man. that lil boy deserved that fat lip. i feel for your son.
no money no food no to smoke but the money here now and we got the dope we always eat but i feel alone
i feel like i'm missing someone but....hm
yeah that's the main thing i feel awful since like... it's so obvious that people literally just aren't coming anymore
i feel so <bleep>y when i'm in the gym, and when i'm lazing on the couch in my boyfriend's arms.... hello gym, goodbye reminders of distance.
wow suddenly i feel so awful let's reschedule friend
.@sflcin divan: with regard to the right tto all the boys and girls in luv with bts i feel ya! theyll get to the top! i am voting for for the top social artist! #btsbbmasi feel so stupid for still loving you.if my <bleep>ties have ever been in your mouth , i feel you owe me a mother's day gift ...i feel so nice mom i feel so nice i vote for for top social artist award #btsbbmasi feel like i already know it will, but in the blood deserves all the awardsout of body, that's just how i feel when i'm around u shawtyyyi feel like killing myself every time i have to get up for schoolsometimes i feel i try so hard and never get anything in returnmy mood and mindset changes so fast when i feel like im being ignored or neglected i get so angryjust watching this, i feel terrifiedpoor jungkook, he was just being his normal extra self when suddenly got hit with the jumping rope.. i feel bad for laughingi wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.don't give up boy, sometimes i feel it tooi feel like this is important. bc there is a nuance in scientific discovery that isn't fully appreciated sometimes (imi feel how i feel, i won't fight itmy life is like golfing without the hole bowling without the pins football without the goal i feel inadequate to the task of finding mygoal[[ i feel somewhat confident about my maritime law exam today but at the same time i'm scared because i don't know what he could ask..sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.we feel your pain! i feel like this everyday since i've been sick.i feel your painhonestly the worst feeling in the world is when you feel like you have no one to talk to and that's exactly how i feel ri feel kind of bad for people who casually join in on these yuri on ice conbini campaigns because... high chance you ain't getting anythingi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel like my life is going by so fast that i'm not living it right...i don't have everything i want and it <bleep>s causei feel like everyones in school right now! maybe i should wait a little :)but i feel betrayed and lied toi am feeling completely off balance today. i feel sick but not reallyi feel like tmac. i need a new department. new money. new whips. new albums. new guap. new mental stimulation.not gonna lie sometimes i feel like a wizard \_()_/i feel bad when you miss me, i feel sad when you don't. #aldubxdtbytibokngpusoi like the fact that they're best friends, i feel like shipping them is like :/i feel like if you have enough time to constantly talk about other people, you aren't busy enough with yourself.throughout the day i'm moody and i go on youtube i just watch one of vlogs and i feel great and totally energetici feel like him and i are just fading apart i try to hold on but i feel he just isn't in it anymore..... any other #milso feel thati feel like this whole miley thing is annoying and people always tryna sound fake deep on ambiguous things. it's just pop culture.no words can do justice to the joy i feel at this moment...sharing with you all my first ever #nationalfilmaward!thank youi spent too much on yugioh cards, all i feel is regretmissing you is a very small word, the extent of which is felt when the winds strike my door and i feel you passing byi'm only 17 but i feel like a grown uphahaha idek if i wanna reactivate my fan account i feel irrelevant there + it's so toxic there ahahai feel headachei'm forced to deal with what i feel #topbbmasi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel so empty, to the point where i forgot half of the things i just did.wanna do more than think about you. and find out, if what i feel is true.me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.imagine putting a 500 bet on anything. i feel nervous leaving the house without an umbrella in july.i'm the youngest person in hydrotherapy class by at least 25 yrs so now i feel youthful af even though absolutely everything hurtsjin's shoulders looked especially broad in the new gayo i feel threatened #btsbbmaslmaooo i always pray before every single one of my tests so i feel that helps me tooi feel relieved. released.i look dead i feel dead but sadly i'm not deadi feel inspired today.i feel sorry for you guys mankehlani tells crowd she needs to go to hospital because 'i feel crazy' (video)when i start the conversation, i feel like i'm annoying you.i feel horrible today. save mei bet me and her would be great friends. i feel like if i was a number, it would be number 4 lolnobody knows what i feel insidei feel bad for those who are belittled dahil sa course na tinetake. all courses are equally hard. stop <bleep>ing stereotypingi feel like ripping a heart from a body. any volunteers?i feel like total complete <bleep>okay i'm having a conversation with a friend and honestly i feel impressed to do this thread for girls on... "the indecis
i feel like i'm losing my focus
i feel great today!
i feel you
would love for her to feel me deep in side her beautiful mind while i feel her thoughts.
i feel weird about my concept now.. . hum
i feel like a new person when i clean my room
i know i feel so rude but it was yesterday so i can't answer it nowwwww
i feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied by
i feel you .... i will be single for the rest of life #sadlife
i will never compare me with him, dont worry. but still, i feel something deep inside
why do i feel like we're going to be having 40 days in the middle of july
poor jungkook, he was just being his normal extra self when suddenly got hit with the jumping rope.. i feel bad for laughing
i wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.
now one of my hope have to go and i feel sad can not keep you sir to bring indonesia to good future forgive me
took a night off i feel great
i feel you, sobra :((((((((
i feel u
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
i feel like throwing myself into the space
ah omgggg i feel you. i am at pastry~ same tiring job kkkk
i feel great.
i feel u close but ur soo farr :( &lt;3
i feel u but at the same they chemistry b so crazy sometimes on o it don't matta wat they run..
if you think responsive's simple, i feel bad for you son. we got 99 viewports, but the iphone's just one.
nas -hate me now. plays in my head when ever i feel <bleep>s about to go down
i feel good today, but still in the <bleep>ty area of good.
i feel like is actually a social experiment to see how much bs one individual can take before losing it
if i feel like you pushing me away ima let you !
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
my parents raised me to not depend on a guy to spoil me, i dont like when guys spend money on me, i feel super bad when
i feel terrible
sophmore year has ruined me broken me down and i feel like i am dirt
both irene and yeri doing aegyo and i feel like im watching two maknaes being cute. but in the end it felt like theyre moth
i feel awkward rn.
i feel she might be coming for me.. she's already in love with taeyeon that gives her so much points
i'm super confused as to why i feel like i'm never happy
meditating literally cured my anxiety; i feel bad for people who don't dedicate time to their mental health
i feel for you
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
wow i feel so loved by you!
i feel i own a farm
i'm wearing ankle socks for the first time in forever i feel so uncomfortable i regret this
when i feel disrespected i get disrespectful
i feel so lazy rn. gads why?
idk why i feel like ima have a bad day
i feel sorry for what the great nation of france has become choosing as president a molested student who married his 24 yea
every time i leave my therapist's office, my face is beaming and i feel full of energy. this guy is awesome. :3
i feel uncomfortable rn. what's wrong with me? i can't stop thinking about him,, am i falling in love with him or what??
i feel conflicted.
i feel like i do god be less creeped out if this wasn't in black and white.
i feel so stupid for loving you.
hinata's serves sometimes hit my head as well. i feel you.
i vote for top social artists , #btsbbmas .saying proud is not enough to express how i feel
#shbantasahari i feel the same way
i feel so attacked right now takte ang daming photobooks damn
i need to talk to my therapist i feel like i'm actually gonna die a loti feel youafter some time to think it over--- i feel uncomfortablei look awful, i feel awful, i'm just awfuli feel so nice mom i feel so nice i vote for for top social artist award #btsbbmasi vote for #btsbbmas top social artist awards. "when i touched you with my small finger, 'i feel so nice, mom. i fyears of wondering if this day would ever come. i feel the sadness and despair lifting off my shoulders and moving to mi haven't swipe my card in two days i feel accomplishedi feel like such a fat gluttonous <bleep>#altlannouncement they are even considering the hurt, pain of the kids? sh*t i feel like i feel lucas paini feel that a lot of psychological thrillers rely on their characters to be dumb to create tension/conflict but there wasnt any of thati just woke up how can i feel so <bleep>.#teamdnchild "i feel for the first time in my life my opinions matter"- ya marleylol i been gave up on sliding thru dms because i feel like it never worksi feel that's a silly reason to stop such an event.rooms are bigger at palazzo but not by much. i feel staying in venetian is more convenient for conferences.my bosses boss is actually a really nice person i feel bad how people be playing her.not even the ugliest monsters can scare me as much as i feel scared when i am away from you. i miss you baby. tylerxtanner bi feel you. at a tech conference this week, same story here. also: value, innovate, alignment. #cringewelp now i feel like <bleep>do you love me like i love you, do you feel the things i feel for you. #thissong listening to jay sean "do you love me" - singleeveryday i go to work i feel so f-ing lucky because everybody is so f-ing nice and cool and there's #ni feel like bts is breaking all the records #btsbbmasahhh never been introduced to anything real that lasts? i feel it lmaosometimes i get really impressed with how quickly i can type a few words. i feel like i'm playing the piano, which i cannot actually do.i refilled my epi-pen script because i thought i had lost one of the pens. i then found it in a purse. i feel so stupid right now.i don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli feel like people who tell me to "just let it go" really don't know me very well.i feel !! but girl, you're adorable on your ownthe reviews are actually pretty good? idk i feel like kimora deserves a shot.i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisliterally why do i feel like it's gonna end with it all being in her imagination and she's locked up in some hospital hti feel like you tryna be funny on the sly, lmaoi feel like somehow actually turning up to my lectures may have had some help in doing my <bleep>ignmentsi feel awful. i offered at #sbuk3 to get a girls autograph off robert carlysle for her and id post it to her but i canwhen i feel bad, i love to spend hours at our terrace and look how beautiful moon and stars is and i'll be fine like nothing bad happensi feel like is actually a social experiment to see how much bs one individual can take before losing iti feel like if you have enough time to constantly talk about other people, you aren't busy enough with yourself.get into my shoes and feel what have i feel every single day and what going on in my head.i feel like <bleep>s been outta pocketeveryday i feel more blessed to be aliveclasses done! i feel so tiredi don't have any kids but i feel as if when u have a kid u have to move different i be <bleep>yzing how some ppl don't get that....wow imma cry again i feel itnct night night 170509 johnny: it ur 1st time right? jaehyun: its my 1st time doing presidential voting.its a bit confusii feel his thoughts roam...thats how i feel.some days i feel so alone.i feel like everyone's relationship with their own brain and its quirks is their own unless it's harming others. zerosince ur display name shows many food i feel like eating the serbuk milo now!! hahahamy boss is giving me responsibilities and i feel blessed becaude deep down i did not wanted him to overwork himself with everythingart giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! gooklahoma city in the rearview. i feel like it looks too much like a bron following if he does that. then if he was to win in gs?! man nahi feel u broi have eyeshadow on and one eye with mascara and i'm lying on the bathroom floor because i feel sick from last night ripyou know how i feeli feel like i would look weird with tattoos but it doesnt matter bc i have 8 ideas of ones i wantthank you. i feel so really blessed tonight bc of this as welli feel like this man want me to catch a case , he need to leave me alone fri feel so sick not good
had an awesome day yesterday, at my favorite place and i feel totally rejuvenated and energized. today i'll clean house a
i feel like followd only intetesting people. well...i'm screwed.
just one thing i feel bad for the students who'd given their blood, sweat, and tears to get a communication degree.
sometimes i feel like i should be an artistic person and sometimes i feel like i should be an something that will make
i feel like that would irritate the crap outta me.
i feel like i graduated high school 5 seconds ago so can someone explain how i am now a college senior????
if this was like evil!evette, i feel like she'd kill people she deemed worthy in one shot/straight accuracy..
sometimes i feel i try so hard and never get anything in return
i feel like this summers gonna be a hell of a good time
i feel like i'm hurtling towards the 1980s having never even stepped in a tardis or delorean!
im only 22 but i feel so old
i feel okay
i wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.
all the meaningless anxiety resurfaces i feel like 11 again
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i drink. carbs help xanax, take a toke....check in on my bu (claude) and then i feel better
poor jungkook, he was just being his normal extra self when suddenly got hit with the jumping rope.. i feel bad for laughing
honestly i hate starting over because i feel like i'm getting older
i feel strange here
its weird when ppl make these claims bc i feel like theyre sorta disconnected from the lgbt community at large
cold hearted would be an understatement as to how i feel at this point.
sometimes i feel like shaving off my eyebrows.
at the same time#i wanna cry#i'm happy#i feel something's needed#......................
ok it's probs impossible to do this but i feel like there should be some way u have to prove u have tickets to a show t
i feel like i'm having an anxiety attack lol
i used to pride myself in trusting people until they gave me a reason not to, but now i feel like you never know anymore
my landlord is truly so evil every time i speak to her i feel like i need to pray for he cause no one should be that miserable
i feel like i'm getting ill, this is really not the time though
i feel that
i feel one minute yeah we got it, then it's gone
both irene and yeri doing aegyo and i feel like im watching two maknaes being cute. but in the end it felt like theyre moth
i feel good knowing he's getting ball every 5th day.
i feel like the only person who hasn't been blocked by fray on wrestling twitter but alas i am also a nobody so
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
how can i feel you if you're not feeling yourself?
i feel like a lost soul.
very exhausted from the dance practice i feel like dying slskfbsksla
i'll be fine if i can make my own schedule work when i feel like it
i feel the love ha!!!!!! clostridium jejuni!!!!!!
i wanna see empirical research over gpa and owning pets. bc i feel like having a dog would've made me do better in school
sometimes i feel bad how i be treating this man but then i think about all the <bleep> he did to me. <bleep> fck you
my vote goes to for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. i feel so nice mom i feel so nice
i feel you bruh
this is the first #mufc defeat in 3 seasons that i feel very indifferent about. like i'm not even stressed. just carry ur
some days i feel like i should give up but i know that giving up is not going to help me accomplish my goals or my dreams...
i'm the home girl that's gone make sure all my friends are happy and they straight. ima tell you how i feel and lma help you get thru <bleep>.
guys it's so hard being cool 24/7, i feel like yal don't give da les enough credit..you'll never catch that <bleep> slipp
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
i really should've ate breakfast but after taking that cough syrup i feel nauseous as hell
the first time i saw them? i feel the excitement and its challenge as well
24 euros for 2 small bottles of water in amnesia .i feel sorry for ibiza .the party was great though .
i feel like the office theme song could be a jacks mannequin song
i feel in the mood of rewatching s3 since julie is feeding us so poorly
#altlannouncement lots of feel, i feel like im like lucas, bitter
somedays i feel like i can do it all and some days i feel like i can't do <bleep>
i feel so spoiled lol since he posts once in a blue moon. i just hope he doesn't delete again :(
man i feel exhausted
some days i feel like i'm losingi feel you#isduniyamein only with you i feel no feari feel like im out of my mind#isduniyamein no one knows what i feel inside.i feel like i've gained weightdis how i feel when my whole <bleep>ty is out in publicwhy i feel like u gonna regret this'dandelions' is the perfect representation of what i feelunelected judges... will i feel more pics of a secret to be aware of 80s snooker jokes funnier without a non-threateninghey, just a quick reminder (seems i feel the need to say this like once a year), if you're white, don't use the "n" word. carry onim planning on staying longer at uni tmrw since over there i can actually focus. i just hope i feel better tmrw.text me first or i feel like i am annoying you.guys.anyone is convinced that shivaay is not pinky's son .why do i feel this is not true? idon't know but something is missing #ishqbaaazthat interview though i feel like it was a trapi feel that if there's any video i'd make regarding this matter would be something that's on my view on this mess. noti feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.i feel like norman batesmay allah make my heart strong when i feel down." i feel an empty hole it my heart "and everyone i talk to just keeps telling me stuff i don't want to hear, and i feel like i'm at the end of my rope.i feel like even without the picture i could have guessedi think its nice when people find love, because i feel like everyone deserves it.poor jungkook, he was just being his normal extra self when suddenly got hit with the jumping rope.. i feel bad for laughingmy dad says my spanish has gotten really good in college i feel proudi wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.this is so accurate i feel attacked....walkin livin legend man i feel like kobei feel like there's been an influx in the amount of positive portrayal of black fathers/families in the media i am ~happppppyyyyyhow many hours studying a day is considered enough? because i feel like it's never enough.i feel honored to get a s/o fromspotify daily mix has gifted me: limp bizkit, sum 41, rise against, zebrahead, alien anrt farm, linkin park and more. i feel 15 againi feel like sm denies irene of dance stages like the ones seulgi does, bc she's not supposed to be the "girl crush" member.i feel like a wet bag full of burnt hair todayi feel like ive missed so muvh school and that im gonna fail oui im so stressed rn170507 #party_baby #budapest_boom #daehyun #bap # do what i feel part1 #i feel like over time i've ended up here by myselfi feel bad for alex bc she's literally witnessed how my family is like leslie me will be fighting then my mom will just be relaxingi feel: fat unwanted unappreciated tired worthlessi feel like i cannot reach my full potential be the best me bc of events that are out of my control.i feel for y'all fooli feel like it says a lot when anytime we read a post about love, we have that specific and special person who we immediately think ofi feel and look like <bleep>no amount of sleep in the world will cure the tiredness i feelregardless of how you see me does not change how i see me nor does how you feel about me change how i feel about me, i fui feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel so sick and so sad wtfi feel the same way!!!! he's so low and there is so much pressure i'm not going to make it to june.damn! i feel you buddy :(i feel like my birthday outfit will be here on time but im not gona get my hopes up high .sometimes i feel ok about myself and then i see someone smaller or prettier and i just wanna <bleep>in die.<bleep> you all i feel is buzz buzz buzz and i'm reading lord of the flies. kyswhen i'm not sad i feel godly.both irene and yeri doing aegyo and i feel like im watching two maknaes being cute. but in the end it felt like theyre mothi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.i feel very confident that we will make it through. though we fight a lot i know that we will be together.i feel like it's all really over now i'm loosing not only my idols my family i love you 3 so muchi feel like the cowbelli feel like i should be on my deck with a book soaking up the sun. im far too important for all this adulting loli feel like hooping high keythis girl dropped her fidget spinner in front of me and i let out the loudest laugh i feel so bad lmfaoi feel sorry for what sheila has been feelin now it hurts big time. i know the pain. and i think its more than thatperhaps i'm just being overly paranoid but i feel i get strange looks when i'm out walking alone of an evening.that's exactly how i feel!i feel unsafei feel so gross rn but harry did thatnot going but as a member of the chronic tweet likers community i feel the need to slap that like <bleep>on
#isduniyamein only with you i feel no fear
same omg. i feel like people always think "wow, what a loner ..."
i just had a hershey's caramel pudding and i feel so happy and positive i just want to throw confetti of glitter all around!
<bleep> what rhe <bleep> was the japanese mv for bst i feel like i just did acid
just the freedom that comes w/ being away from home. i feel like i shouldn't have to ask to go out when i'm damn near 21,
. i feel like a fake fan i haven't watched the japanese mv for bst yet
i feel very bad because the love of my life always ignores me
i feel like a mum i'm so proud of ma boyz so i'm voting for as top social artist #btsbbmas
feel what i feel and you'll go crazy
i feel like <bleep>ttttt
they have great chemistry i feel dean would do wonders as a heel
i feel so sad for people who 'don't see any real yoonmin content' in bangtan lol you're missing out on all the love and boyf
i had to pay $750 for 2 fillings last month i feel ya
full half or crescent. no matter how i feel, i shall make the trek across the stars for a glimpse of what is real. #love
lol i look slimmer already i was gonna wait for it to warm up to go walk/run but i feel like this is just gone be the temperature
poor jungkook, he was just being his normal extra self when suddenly got hit with the jumping rope.. i feel bad for laughing
lol i feel dead
i feel you in every vein in every beatin' of my heart in every breath i'll ever take #lyrics
i feel so old going into stores by myself
i feel like the ones that say the least have the most to tell
a little bit <bleep> wow <bleep> i feel different <bleep>
i feel like my brand is going to be biggg
no fr i feel this. i don't love that old <bleep>
i feel like everyone's first highend makeup brand is like that's what i stared with and got like everything lmao.
i feel like <bleep>
i feel for the children around mpumalanga.hope they get these lions as early as possible. people's lives are endangered #li
whenever i text old people i feel like they're mad at me
i feel alone
i feel trapped on this campus more than ever. #seniorweek
video games??? disney movies??? hannah montana??? who knows tbh this is how i feel with my nephew
mehnnnn. i listened to someone else's problems today and i feel completely horrible for ever being ungrateful.
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
nobody knows what i feel inside
why do i feel like they're really going to use the 7 deadly sins concept for the next album
what are feelings anyway? sometimes i feel like my heart is bigger than my body.
i feel like i don't know you, but i know you
#isduniyamein no one knows what i feel inside...
i feel u i'm so lost and oh my gosh it was hudt jwlvisnfoxhfodjwkro #btsbbmas
and... that was a nice lol run. now i feel energized.
i feel you :(
i feel so ugly all the time that i dont even care abt how i look anymore. my life is so sad.
i don't wanna keep playin' them games 'cause i feel like i'm losin'
i feel like trump is in the white house and your angst over that makes it so much better! your salty tears make my
i feel like "murder house hunting" is the ideal show for millennials who need to see houses they can afford and are obsess
but for their next comeback i feel like they might continue with how they actually bear it all and how they wash off their si
i feel that a lot
i feel youuu
i feel like jumping into a door
i have to go to work in about 4 hours and i feel like i got hit by a truck
omg i feel ya
i feel bad you really got all 3 wrong. <bleep>us killed lexa, alie killed ontari and grounder tradition killed luna. dismissed h
awwi feel special lol
armys vote for top social artist #btsbbmas i feel so nice, mom i feel so nice
i wish finnian would also go to school. i feel bad when i'm leaving him all alone all day!-
once i feel different about u, ur done
how i feel every time i work now
i feel like i'm affiliated with the illuminati <bleep>
when i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave me
i feel like absolute <bleep> for no readon and thats bad
i feel like the luckiest girl in the world
i feel like watching guardians for a third time in theatres but it's alien covenant this week.
i feel so confused after seeing the mv but i love it lol #btsbbmas hope world
i feel too much and it hurts
if u ever thought i cared, i feel bad a little. only cause u misunderstood
guys it's so hard being cool 24/7, i feel like yal don't give da les enough credit..you'll never catch that <bleep> slipp
if i feel like i'm pulling teeth for you to vibe with me on my level, that's time for me let you go
i feel like young ll onna remix
exploring for a bit before heading out, and i have to say i feel like i'm 8 playing my very first text #rpg
i still don't know how i feel about green tea. maybe i haven't had the right kind, yet. i prefer spearmint over any other mint.
i didn't really do my hair today and i feel like trash.i feel high from watching that bst mv and ive never been high beforeyall. everybody knows how i feel about wendy's chicken nuggets this how they play me lol beti feel more alone when i think of the way you love meno one ever did. i feel my heart is dead. #somegirlsarebiggerthandanzigi feel like i'm just at school , to just be at school#isduniyamein no one knows what i feel inside.i feel you.i drank less than a 30 pack all weekend, i feel like i'm accomplishing somethingi think i had too much to smoke now i feel like throwing up. i can't move my limbsi feel like making some next level <bleep> man... gsometimes i feel like the fart in the elevator. not the person farting but the actual fart.i just ate a box of kraft mac and cheese and i feel amazingby adding rory, now has the top 3 players in the world (dj and j-day). "i feel like it's a new chapter ini just saw a white horse galloping across the mountain and i feel at one with the worldi wanna tell you how i feel, but im scared. scared of being hurt again, scared of you not feeling the same and scared ofone of my biggest flaws is i grew a lazy work ethic/made excuses for a lot of <bleep> but i feel i can break out of it over time though...may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.would sae have to retake the bar. i feel like no but she'd probably have to retrainahh, i'm over it - though i feel it might be happening again with another person. aww, you're too much, thank you! ;;;i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutjust woken up from a 3 hour nap and i'm not sure whether i feel better or worsei'm blem forreal...i just might say how i feel!i feel like everyones in school right now! maybe i should wait a little :)i feel really unlovable. like i'm deadass never going to find anyone who loves me for me. that's crazyi feel like i'm already tired tomorrowi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artislike they're looking fine as always but ?? nd it just felt like it was kinda edited over a lot nd idk how i feeli feel like saying i owe katsugeki my life is really dangerous bc at this rate they're actually gonna just go ahead and take itmy stomach hurts so bad and imso light headed and shaky i feel like imgoing to pass outi feel like i need to watch all the mva again to refreshhe knew what he was doing, he planned it all out, i feel bad for the family. blows my mindi read my chem book and feel dumb then bs&amp;t japan ver came i feel dumberi feel so awkward. i need to stop venting, it doesn't help anyone, not even myself.i feel uneasyi feel sorry for norma[] i hate the fact when i become a idgaf person,, , i feel heartless.but for their next comeback i feel like they might continue with how they actually bear it all and how they wash off their sii choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejectionimagine how i feel when i meet you doe i feel 100 different ways gtoday is the anniversary of the event last year and i feel weird and sick about iti feel like i'm losing my mind 10x a day.i feel so much betterugh i feel awful todayi feel like i haven't slept in a week. this weeks schedule is killing me and my social life. im hoping to see game 7.but honestly, the only area i feel is really sacrificed is not having as much power going up larger hills.that's exactly how i feel about people who wear glasses, like the world is just blurry to y'all? like it just be out of focusi feel delhi police should first arrest .. from mughals to tharoor... he seems to defend all killers of hindui feel like maybe i'm the only one who sees nothing cute about <bleep>es looking 29 turning 21,22"i feel like a new woman, i'm nothing without my contacts" - sarahno amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feeli feel 2017 is jack and jack's year. be ready"all things will pass and everything will change except the love that i feel for u #aldi feel obliged to say "please" or "cheers" about 7 or 8 times during the course of my subway sandwich being made.i feel like having a big <bleep> breakfast buffeti'll be inactive in here today. idk i feel terrible, i'm so donei feel bad for anyone that has to deal with me bc i'm so annoying and relate everything to taylor swifti feel like some people forget about eva's character development just bc s1 is so under appreciated.@sflcin divan: with regard to the right t
the word "sad" doesn't really describe what i feel anymore because i feel much more than just sad
i feel like this should be your catchphrase
i wanna cry i feel so sick
i feel great about it but i would feel even better if they perform #btsbbmas
taste lagu aku mybe tak ikut zaman. its ok, am not into any trend. i listen in what i feel to
i feel like garbage but you better believe i'll be at work because i can't afford to take off after last pay check
anyway dad is so nice sometimes i feel like i don't deserve this much of kindness
let my tongue explain how i feel
i feel it coming
ksoo:i feel so sad nowadays suho:u need a 'happiness' ksoo:no dont- suho:/chins up,hand on the chest/ sometimes we got
yeah i feel ya but just keep at it. atleast you got rid of all the <bleep>s tho
kehlani concert got cancelled. she's sooo sick. i feel so bad and so sad because i might not be able to see her again #sss
damn that last one is straight up terrifying whew i feel u
the pollen count is ridiculous today. i feel like absolute <bleep>
idk why i feel annoyed
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i feel bad for the victim's family... but he also has a 4 year old daughter. i'm not happy about it either way, but i'm not mad.
i...feel like i'm too good with words and that forces me to be bad with them.
when i get a lovely #pani #manan matching shirt i feel lucky to have it .. kam se kam kuch tho nishani
i feel like it tbf
you know i'm losing my patience, yeah i'm in your room, it's just us two, i feel you getting closer
yeah i know fr! i feel bad bc i unintentionally leave him carrying the payload all alone
as much as i dont want to interfere i feel like i need to just so that i could make everything better
i feel like is actually a social experiment to see how much bs one individual can take before losing it
my head is pounding i feel sick
johnny: i feel thankful when my parents contact me from time to time. they always call me at the right time, when i feel ti
sometimes i wish i had some slime because i feel like it would help me calm down sometimes
why do i feel like we slowing down? don't forget the other nominees have way more followers than fighting! #bts
if you decide to stan bts be ready to use your brain 24/7... i feel like attending a school not a fandom #btsbbmas
weird leh i feel
i feel like i'm 12 when i listen to vanessa hudgens
i feel like carolina isn't about cocaine but if i make it about cocaine it gives me bhiye vibes so let me live
sometimes i feel i had a gift to see the future, some some of it happen exactly, but when it comes i still crying regret it.
i feel like if there is other intelligent life out there they'd be afraid to even come to earth based on how creatures actually look.
ure rting minhwan i feel attacked hes handsome
i feel i'm the most fortunate woman in the world!!!
whenever i think of some of the things i've done drunk my stomach legit does a 180 and i feel like gawkin, i'm an absolute eejit like
i was curious when i asked the old man what was going on and what he did to the dog, i feel hurt.
pushed myself to run 60mins today with sprint intervals... i feel great now but my inner thighs are feeling like frog
i feel like 2007-2009 was a really good time for music used in amvs
i feel like i'm just at school , to just be at school
outta body ... that's just how i feel w. when i'm around you shawty
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel is more aldnoah!
i almost cried watching that. you know how i feel about them
i feel strange
i feel personally attacked #dmdpodcast
i feel like one day i'm rich and then 2 days later my account balance be like $23.42
i love this song i feel like it was specificaly written just for me
i dont judge. i just say what i feel.
i feel obliged to say "please" or "cheers" about 7 or 8 times during the course of my subway sandwich being made.
i hate when i'm alone, i think, when i think remember,. when i remember, i feel pain, when i feel pain, i cry, when i
if i feel like you wasting my time i gotta cut you off that goes for friendships relationships and sometiming <bleep> family
i feel like i should be nervous but i'm not
done with college. last semester was a 4.0. i feel rather successful
i feel sicker than sickourney weaver.
#es to: now, i feel like be the your secret admirer/? wkwkwk
ive had mine for 5 ; ^ ; literally no progress.. i feel you on that. trad art is my jam too ; u ;
i've spent 1500 in one week i feel like an idiot
i feel a little childhood trauma resurfacing...
times, i feel like we have somewhat like a connection
lol i feel like <bleep>
with the lights out its less dangerous here we are now entertain us i feel stupid, and contagious... hello, hello,hello,how lo
and he said im sorryyy omg i feel like an <bleep>hole, i didn't even help him up
i feel absolutely exhausted and i don't wanna go to class
i lost another crystal. i feel drained and depressed
yo i feel like dancing
the only thing i want to sink, joy, is the utter disgust i feel 24/7 because of the #fake president. i
you're so <bleep>ing cute i feel god in this chili's tonighti feel you don't worry i am voting for top social artist awards #btsbbmas"so yeah i'm under the weather, some days i feel close to my tether... but should i moan when i'm in the double goose leather?"sometimes i feel <bleep>ty about not being further in life/career and then i remember i'm 23 and didn't have to spend years interning to...i could go to agp this year, but i feel like that ship had sailed. i went last year and was getting annoyed bc ppl werei feel yai feel like im useless...social media makes me so anxious! i feel so sorry for young kids growing up with instagram thinking that's what the girlsyou guys may not know how amazing it feels to listen to songs in native language like me i feel so prouddid you ever feel like you want to cry for no reason? because i feel it. always.i feel ya sisi feel equal nowi feel not goodalso i feel like yoongi was like ? a protector or smtg ? esp considering how originally he was supposed to cover jins eyeall this pollen is killing me. i feel like my head weighs twice as much as usual.i look like i got into a fight but honestly i wish i really did, sometimes i feel like i be wantin to give an <bleep> whoopindo i feel any better?? no!!when would i feel sleepy?i feel great about it but i would feel even better if they perform #btsbbmasit's either night time where you guys live or you are either too lazy right now.i feel all alone don't leave me #dafbama2today's commute <bleep>ed i feel yamet w/ friends this weekend got late birthday presents and i feel so loved and validated im so not used to this#kazzaqa2 will you be playing xbox one with all your other fans as they and i feel left out? :(i feel like i'm more excited to see seb's nephew than he is honestly feel like he like my nephew from how excited i am rni feel how i feel, i won't fight itif i feel like you're playing games with me, i will play them with you so much harderi feel like jumping off the cliff right nowi just did my eyebrows and now i feel so much betteri feel like kanye before he met jay.i feel like i'm not as important as i used to bewhen it comes to <bleep>igned reading i feel like i could never find the motivation to actually readsometimes i feel like i have so much love to give her, it just flows out of meif you decide to stan bts be ready to use your brain 24/7... i feel like attending a school not a fandom #btsbbmasi will still rustle their teams whenever i feel like it. they're gonna need bigger groups. i can't be stoppedmy name is cat and with tha kit in front of stall we lyk to sit i feel her tongue i say meow i have a fren herthis was not a very good day, something not good happened to me, but i feel i can be as happy as usual, because i smiled more than usualbtw, i liked the part about the paradoxes of fond memories of the people who raised you with a theology you now rewhy i feel russia holds parade every yeari hate having to go to the restroom at work. because i feel i should count it as a break with how long i'm gone.i feel dirtier than the back side of an airport toilet.i feel you but her ult gets me hyped lmaooanytime i feel sad i just remind myself that god has never steered me wrong. promise i'll be alright"i just want you to be happy but you just want <bleep>ty boys in your life and make terrible choices for fun." i feel so attacfirst a bird was waiting for me at my door and then i got a hug from ms. brown. i feel realllll special today!!!i hate showering cause i feel like i'm cheating on the 60% of water inside metheory wants me to go work for them and w the way we're going i feel like that's a great idea but i hate leaving comfortme too after watching his movies i feel like i can crybeing someone who supports the boys no matter what they do honestly has the benefit of it all i feel blessedi feel for the dream hahai feel like gettn in somebody nervesi feel like i'm mostly playing sorryi feel obliged to say "please" or "cheers" about 7 or 8 times during the course of my subway sandwich being made.hyuna's hair is literally seducing me, i feel:: attackedokay i feel like i haven't seen citk in foreverfuck i feel sick dawgi feel you. as well had and did nothing yesterday. monday.i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel like jin is really behind everything. but then there's namjoon also. to me they're both the spy.i feel your pain i worked 5 weeks out of my 9 redundancy period. wishing you all the luck i've never looked back xi kinda really wanna be friends with acacia tho... i feel like we are the same personhahahah i feel u too bruh stay strong &amp;move on okay!!!!they have had to work with. i feel like our coach has done a good job, but not great. we could get more out of our offense...i feel as though if you don't <bleep> with me please let it be known and not be 2 faced about it.the anger i feel when someone disrespects my friends is 10x stronger to when someone disrespects mecharlie was my first crush and i met kim chi and i feel like it's your birthday wat u doini feel and look like i've been hit by a traini feel what you saying flow wise but his lyrics just aren't as clever
i feel i miss you.. i feel i love you.. but sometimes you make me being hurt.
i feel like crap
i feel like i spent so much money over the weekend. then i looked at my bank account and was shook to see i have so much left
i smoke 20-40 cigs a day. i smoked 2 today. that is how bad i feel
if i feel like you're being too short with me, i'm going to distance myself from you
i've been sleepless at night cause i don't know how i feel i've been waiting on you just to say something real
i feel like i have done these experiments on 8085 microprocessors during college days. they are making fool out of us. #del
i feel guilty skipping over gospel tracks on shuffle to get to trap music
i can't even explain how i feel anymore, my thoughts are so messed up in my head that i don't even understand them.
i feel like i could write a book on all these bs&amp;t theories
having a good heart can put u in alot of <bleep>ed up situations.w/ that bein said if i feel like youn fwm how i fwy then fuc
$60 dresses $200 heels are cute all but i feel just as fabulous in this $4 skirt, $9 top, $1 choker, and $30 heels sooooo...
see, you're doing it again. that's the most fantastic gif i've ever had directed at me. i feel internally surveilled.
i took a 1h long nap and i feel weird
after watching everything from i need u to prologue to run......i feel like this is some kind of box office hit movie
every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...
i'm alive, but i'm not here i'm sick of trying without a cure my eyes are dry but i feel tears because losing time is my only fear
i feel like im gaining weight and its only sticking in my stomach man ima have a big tummy for the rest of my life
can i put "did good on the pacer test in elementary school" on college apps bc i feel like that's an achievement
i feel fine and i feel good i feel like i never should whenever i get this way i just don't know what to say
i've proper scrubbed the in and outside of my car and i feel like a new woman
sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.
i feel like that now!
i feel like passing out. walking to my physical therapy feeling like crap and seeing a dead dog in the street....
and i'm afraid , when does time that i will feel lonely then? or ever i feel lonely?
if it isn't love, why do i feel this way?
if you decide to stan bts be ready to use your brain 24/7... i feel like attending a school not a fandom #btsbbmas
i feel personally attacked by this
i'm dying i feel drugged up son
i feel as though i go to wingstop way too often for someone who tries to eat healthy.
why do i feel like signal will be twice's best era idk maybe it can pass cheer up too
i feel uneasy today....why is that?
i feel so bad for ruining ur feed (': ahhahaha sigh
i feel like all the white nations in the world does not like haiti because we were the first black country to gain independence .
i feel so sad
i'm just to a point that my attendance is so bad that i feel like there is no return, and i'm so stressed out.
-bc i almost passed out bc i feel so sick i think from cramps lmao
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
im thinking of opening pwyw commissions.... i feel like the degree of artistic freedom that'd give me would make the whole process easier
blank custom order guess that means i'll do whatever i feel like in the moment
no matter how much sleep i feel like i get it never enough.
i'm so hungry and tired like i haven't slept at all and i feel so dizzy
i feel invisible today the invisible man trying to find a way not quite lost and not quite found lingering in shadows of forg
i feel so sick today
exactly how i feel about milwaukee
got to town at 6pm yesterday and slept from then until noon today. i feel like a new person
you guys may not know how amazing it feels to listen to songs in native language like me i feel so proud
i feel delhi police should first arrest .. from mughals to tharoor... he seems to defend all killers of hindu
let people miss you i always fall back when i feel unappreciated. ppl learn eventually!!
imma just wait into he calls or txt because i feel like i bother him too much ig
why do i feel like this is something we'd do
i feel like. "asdfghjkl"
i feel bad when you miss me, i feel sad when you don't. #aldubxdtbypordalab
i step back several steps when i feel unwanted
the winner of the giveaway missed her college finals to film with me! i feel so bad but dedicationmy little sister is bringing her first boyfriend round tonight and i dunno how i feel about iti feel really blessed because of where i come from. -katy perryfound my mojo again too but in new plots. i feel like i'm neglecting my current wip because the others won't be quiet.i'm getting so disrespectful if i feel disrespected. make a <bleep> wish she never said nothing in the first place.suddenly i feel so afraid i vote for at the #bbmas top social artist #btsbbmasyeah, i feel you buddyi feel sacramento is a heel city. sacramento roots for the villian ya know?i feel sorry for my pops.. when i move out this month he has no idea i'm taking my squatty potty with me...i feel betrayed by my very own roommatemaybe that lyrics so crack....... i feel it.i wanted to see the boys so badly, and now this, i feel blessed.good call. i feel the heart palpitations starting upmay allah make my heart strong when i feel down.i don't want this whole <bleep>show on my account tbh, and i feel guilty af for spamming people's timelines with iti feel so <bleep>ing helpless. i couldn't change a <bleep> thing about any part of these situations if i tried. <bleep> this.i feel like i'm the only <bleep>ing person working today i swear. need to throw this pager out the window.instead of telling others how i feel, i tweet.wow i feel speciali feel disgusting just by talkingi feel like god didn't bless me with an <bleep> for many reasons he just knew i would've been a thoti can't believe i'm in this show. i feel incredibly blessed and honored on so many levels. wednesday begins our two weekon wk5 of sick arms from vol.2 of your book. i feel like you are mad at me directly my arms are exhaustedboth irene and yeri doing aegyo and i feel like im watching two maknaes being cute. but in the end it felt like theyre moth"life was terrible under #daesh, now i feel i can do something meaningful for my community" maha from #iraq #inherstoryi feel really unlovable. like i'm deadass never going to find anyone who loves me for me. that's crazyi feel like taurus is the most consistent sign out there we all got the same mindseti feel like a kentucky fried idioti feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel bad for people who have receding hairlines in their 20sthat's kind of how i feel like perkins is, he's a decent back but doesn't stand out. i'd rather grind away with waynehahahahaahah i feel like there is a minus three per cent chance that any of those acc worki feel hella slept on and that drives me crazyi feel like friends been overrated, i feel like the family been fakin, i feel like the feelings are changinsometimes less is more except when talking about coffee. i feel significantly better after that 2nd or 3rd cupi feel terrible today so everyone pls <bleep> offi feel so tiredi feel like complete <bleep> and i <bleep>ed up everything and i justi feel bad for her but she bought it in herself xi feel like a boiled potato #apcalculusthe blue yankee with the grey brim is a <bleep>ing classic. i feel very ny every time i put mine on lol.i feel like one of the most overlooked benefits of having a place to yourself is the ability to sleep anywhere without judgment.i feel like if you don't respond to me and i'm doing everything possible to reach out to you... you don't want to be my friend no moresometimes i feel like you're stripping healthcare from millions of people to provide tax cuts to the super wealthy at me, noti feel yaaai have a math exam tomorrow and i feel like i'm gonna die send me some good lucki feel so much betterthis is how i feel about most things actuallyi feel for the family of the victims.i dont judge. i just say what i feel.i know baby. i feel ya.why do i feel like everybody's trying to play me#twhz #twhz i feel sorry that you have reached a very sad horizon, but the word you gave me was a very encouraging one for me.if yu hang or communicate wit a snitch i can't fwy in my eyes i feel like yu condone that <bleep>*whispers during <bleep>* i feel like everyone thinks i'm a loseri feel like lil wayne knows something that nobody else does and we need to start building our defenses as soon as possiblelmfao it really isnt anymore... i feel like he got demoted to comic relief at this pointi feel like i am doing twice my work trying to correct the errors in the spanish translation. ugh! i know, i know. not my job, but still.why do i feel compelled to add an or a # to each of my tweets.i feel delhi police should first arrest .. from mughals to tharoor... he seems to defend all killers of hindui feel personally victimized by finals.i feel sorry for you.champion underwear is so comfortable. i feel like my <bleep> cheeks and punanny are sitting in a cloud.i love it when someone pats my head like i feel th luvvvvvvevery time big hit drops a new music video i feel like i lose brain cells i'm tired and i want answers so i can move oni feel so sickgates always speaking the real. i feel where bruh coming from on everythingi feel it in my bones this summer gon be real <bleep>ybro i'm so tired of school i feel like no one understands thisfinished vampire diaries. man i feel so emptysometimes i feel like my head may actually combusti feel like <bleep>.
dude i feel terrible
i feel great about it but i would feel even better if they perform #btsbbmas
i feel stressed now
i feel hungry, i wanna eat but dont feel like coz to sleepy... but i want to much somethg, but its already late.. the agony
i feel like complete <bleep>
if my <bleep>ties have ever been in your mouth , i feel you owe me a mother's day gift ...
i feel so nice mom i feel so nice i vote for for top social artist award #btsbbmas
i feel like doing a periscope while cleaning should i lol
i feel so free
why do i feel it's acceptable to write 200 words then have a 2 hour break. my essay will probably be written by next year at this rate
i feel like clawing my eyes out
"nothing is more important than that i feel good"
told me this re: his qb game: "i feel like my throwing motion is very efficient and i'm an accurate passer
i feel like i'm too loyal for my own good. like caring about mfs who don't even deserve it will be my downfall.
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
my internship is giving us company shirts and hoodies so yeah i feel pretty legit
baby baby i feel crazy
wasn't gonna work out cause i feel <bleep>ty but remembered when said "if i only went to the gym when i felt good i'd be a fat <bleep>"
i feel like i'm not keeping my head cool and am becoming part of a political polarization that i actually think is harmful long term.
i feel like i'm dying, it hurts to do anything today i don't even want to function. i can't
i feel light headed asf.. ive barely eatin anything in the last 3 weeks. thats not normal for me.
i feel like exposing
i've been on the low i been taking my time i feel like i'm out of my mind it feel like my life ain't mine -
i haven't been away from mila since she's been born. i feel empty as <bleep> right now on my trip to sprouts alone
i feel like is actually a social experiment to see how much bs one individual can take before losing it
not to mention i love being alone and i feel like that's when i'm happiest.
if you decide to stan bts be ready to use your brain 24/7... i feel like attending a school not a fandom #btsbbmas
i know you ain't tryna control me i know you tired of being lonely.....i can't help how i feel i'm just keeping it real
i feel sick i'm that stressed
i feel good about that one exam
yuku know what i feel like something that has touched you i will.
i feel sorry for you
i feel sorry for the people who are dead inside.
had crappy pizza for lunch and now i feel oogy. when will i learn?
i feel fiona's pain now
when i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave me
i feel so sluggish today.
i mixed in the raspberry conserve i found in the fridge with my greek yogurt and now i feel like i'm sinning and living at the same time
i feel like leonardo dicaprio was 19 then he was suddenly 40 like there was no in between stage
i feel like if i go to the gym by myself i am way more focused .
so today youngjae almost sit on me .. i feel so betrayed right now. seriously thinking about going back to the dorm and li
i feel ya pain man
whenever "i'm going home" by daughtry comes on i feel like i'm getting voted off american idol and i become depressed
i just got my hair cut and i feel so good
man, today i really proved myself that i can do anything i set my mind to. i feel <bleep>ing great.
im not sure how i feel about idol coming back. ill def watch but i dont want it to further ruin its legacy with bad ratings
yes boo thanks ! i feel so good since i've started working out again.
i feel like im running to the money !! may has been good i need june to be even better
god really gonna bless me i feel it
i feel like dropping some music today.
are out now i feel so! what do you think sir??
i feel like i've been dreaming for days lol
i feel so cute rn
give me tall dark and handsome mix it up with something strong i feel a sin coming onarmy squad i feel very content being an army and i know our boys will be happy when we vote as top social artithe game is a bit, hm... fast-forwardy by virtue of the fact that i feel i know so many of it's secrets already (via lttp) but: fun!if my <bleep>ties have ever been in your mouth , i feel you owe me a mother's day gift ...boogieman by childish gambino is so good. i feel like i'm in an old 70s/80s teen horror film.whenever i hit someone up i feel like i'm being annoyingi still can't believe that bangtan is really invited on #btsbbmas i am so happy i feel like a proud mothermy 2 year nephew is doing that throat scratching thing! i feel like punching him! why can he do this??did harry really perform stockholm syndrome?? i feel so blessedi feel ya. i just meant i was serious thohowever, when i put on the special outfits for chocolat festival, i feel focused, dont i?so i feel like that ending scene with namjin is to throw us off bc look the ending clip of bst jpn mv is how i need u si feel like and jeremy would get along really well. which reminds me, i have to go listen toi want to go home and cry. hate being at work when i feel like this.i wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.i'm still celebrating my divorce so i feel u mai didn't even make the list, i feel horriblemay allah make my heart strong when i feel down.i feel more to the point is to discourage ppl from "camping" out. they sit for hours taking up a table and buying little.lol i feel ya dawgi feel high but like a good high.sometimes i feel like my mom thinks my money grows on trees.i feel like i've been stressed my entire lifei feel so sick someone helpman i feel like i can't do <bleep> rightbitch i'm not roaming the halls no more i feel harassed smhfor some reason i feel like this will have them fighting and magnus gets all "downworlders have been slaughtered for years,"because i don't how i feel...i ate your doritos. i feel all starlordy now. a bit ill too.#bts #bloodsweatandtears i am waiting for smart army who can explain to me everything happening in mv. i feel like a fool, thanks, #btsi feel like that one episode in spongebob where ever1 leaves spongebob in bikini bottom by himselfif you decide to stan bts be ready to use your brain 24/7... i feel like attending a school not a fandom #btsbbmasi feel i've been marginalised by the yummy mummy clan. they won't let me be in their gang"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel ani want to rant. i want to scream at people's face about how i feel. i also want to cry silently and shout into my pillso this <bleep>s... i feel trapped. im so <bleep>ing confused.. y ? y? tho!i feel like a lot of the things god has taken away from me was for my own goodi don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli feel it bc i hate it toowe just betrayed by our country. we just betrayed by justice. so sad? yes. i'm crying now.. so hard.. i feel hurt... #ripjusticeinindonesiai feel so bad for the kids who have to lie to their parents about everything, trust is such a big thing to me and my momi feel sick after watching that epi feel we are more mental than the ladsi feel like leonardo dicaprio was 19 then he was suddenly 40 like there was no in between stagei feel like there's no reason to watch the #nbaplayoffs until june 1sti feel like john walli don't hate on nobody. but when i feel you playing with me man it's a must i act up on ityou know how i feel but you'll never understand it.i feel so bad for laughing. i live in italy btwi feel sad every time jia crosses my mind :(i feel obliged to say "please" or "cheers" about 7 or 8 times during the course of my subway sandwich being made.i feel cause im not impressed by any of their work and neor was doing a better job thenyou guys may not know how amazing it feels to listen to songs in native language like me i feel so proudthat is how i feelday 3 of the month and i've acted like i personally grow money out my arse i feel like giving myself a bollockingi just want to be able to stoke it whenever i feel like it. really manhandle it. that's not weird or anything. - hisdamn i feel ashamed i almost forgot hush!the moment i feel you on some other <bleep> i can't even help but to act accordingly.i think everything that has allergies is getting hit hard this year. i feel you my friend!don't know how i feel about this snapchat update2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouraged
lucas perez is a top quality striker and i feel sorry for him, says wenger. then play him last few. no strikers near undropable form
i know i feel so blessed
i feel like my insides are gonna fall out
the woman sat next to me on the train is doing it.. i feel a bit queasy
i feel worse than i did yesterday
i feel like friends been overrated, i feel like the family faking
why are adidas slides being sold for $50 i feel like i used to pay 25 for em???
.@theatlantic i feel like at this point our descriptions of people are losing meaning. what we mean by "workin
who is even here for me? i care about everyones well being so much,that when it comes time for me, i feel like no one is
being the eldest child with only just one sister, sometimes i feel happy when i hang with my guy friends, feels like i have brothers
i feel like no <bleep> could ever treat my man better than i do, or even love him as much as i do
i'm a little mad right now, not sure why but i feel very frustrated
i feel bad for whoever fck my sisters over cause....... boi
i feel bad calling those cats a bunch of adam drivers like those cats don't deserve that. i'm sure they're nice cats.
why do i <bleep>ing <bleep> at gathering my thoughts together to say how i feel.
today is one of those days where i feel like doing nothing at all but can't, then when i have days where i can do nothing i always do stuff
i feel bad because my simcard died and i have to change conformations?
.@bts_twt i feel like jin today, but what can i do? my fandom is the best and i'm voting for as top social arti
i feel like it being elseworlds is sort of a buried part as well
i feel so bad for people with bogus <bleep> tattoos that have to convince themselves it's cool cuz they stuck with it
forever waiting for a single day where i feel good about myself or don't spend the whole day in tears
i feel dangal collections will completely shock everyone its going to be insane
i have to close tonight and i feel like i'm dying. thanks so much.
at this point, going to sleep early doesn't even matter because i feel the same way everyday
important to specify truthful and unbiased information, i feel, given embarrassing state of many academics on vaping. #eci
lol u think so? i feel like we are in a sims game sometimes
i feel like is actually a social experiment to see how much bs one individual can take before losing it
i can't sleep easily plus i think i take drugs co'z i feel so high. ugh, i miss bts!
i only comment on <bleep> when i feel like i'm being sneak diss
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel you mate
i feel you, #btsbbmas vote for top social artist awards
orlando scandrick: "i feel like when i'm healthy and on top of my game i can compete with anybody. i feel like i'm as good
i feel so pleased for him and i'm so excited it's almost as if i was personally involved
wasn't that you or someone's display name for a minute? i feel like i stole that
i feel like a youtuber. i own both pie face wethead.
finally getting my new camera today and i feel like a little kid in a candy store
i wanna work out but i feel like i'm losing my <bleep>
gonna drink till i feel numb
school is the only place i feel left out for being american.
i'm happier when i'm moaning. i feel more alive.
i feel so <bleep>ty about myself
100% how i feel about and
the incredibles is one of my all-time faves. but i feel just a bit apprehensive about a sequel. fingers cr
i fell in love, now i feel nothing at all
is it bad i feel like kissing you before i go to sleep...even naps
ouchhhhh. i feel for u girl.
but i feel u
i'm reading this oikage fic that's so tender and wistful i feel like i'm constantly in tears and nobody is here to hold my minty paw so i'm
i feel safer driving on the interstate at night rather than during the day. true story's
welp... persona 5 is wrapped up. even tho i think its a master class game i feel that the game is incomplete.
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
when i was in junior school i got bullied i got called spastic i feel emotional and try to cry when i remember about it.
at what age are you supposed to start being mature? i feel like i'm getting close.
i feel ya girl. currently dying on the sofa with lemsip and <bleep> tv
i gotta get tatted again soon i feel like i didn't have ink in a minute
i feel delhi police should first arrest .. from mughals to tharoor... he seems to defend all killers of hindu
lmaoooo get one girl i feel you
i feel like all my days just run together
i feel like she may have stood up. either way it's terrible
ok this may be weird but i feel like carolina was inspired by the movie "carolina". mainly because harry mentions a grandma.
i fail so see how i feel and how i wanna flow smh.
i feel the shade
omg i feel special thanks morgan you are so nice
i feel the celtics
i feel chens pain, i too struggle to drink while moving. #heroesofthestorm
<bleep> i wansgoinf down your proifle and i was not ready i feel so attacked i love him:0 oh i see :00 idk i feel like especially with administrative types they appreciate when people check in with themi answer like every snap i get i feel like it annoys people i'm just really out here bruhi feel like the blender respresents their stirred up emotions and is symbolism for their mental stattaste lagu aku mybe tak ikut zaman. its ok, am not into any trend. i listen in what i feel tono idea how i'm going to say goodbye to my friends once i graduate college because i feel empty if i go 3 days without seei feel like a raging bus driver when someone pays 3.50 for a session in the gym and gives me a <bleep>ing 20 notei feel like im not enough lol ripi feel so attackedi love pastel but i feel like there are very dark meanings to iti feel sick as hell. been drifting off all dayi don't give a <bleep> what you think about me. i'm gone do what i feel is best.so i feel like that ending scene with namjin is to throw us off bc look the ending clip of bst jpn mv is how i need u si feel like deathi feel like footworkingi feel like literature appreciation is gonna be my favorite class a lot of reading but for credit? sign me upwe're coming up on the full moon so i feel <bleep>ing weird like i wanna jump out of my skinim feeling alive and with every breath that i take. i feel like ive won. youre my key to survival. secondhand sermay allah make my heart strong when i feel down.i feel exactly how i felt 7 years ago when we won 8-0 and sealed the <bleep>le against wigan. #mayisagoodmonthi feel like <bleep>!!i feel like ahsoka when the jedi order accused her of something she didn't dohayward: i feel like i came a long way this year. i feel like there's still a long way to go.i feel like <bleep>i feel like i'm being set uphayward: i feel like i came a long way this year. i still feel like theres a long ways for me to go.this summer is going to be a good one i feel iti need a fun second job it's so boring i feel like i'm dying it's so repetitivei feel like these same people should be coming for samoa joe thenare we not gonna discuss the fact jungkook's hoodie says thirteen on it or like idk i feel that has to do w smthj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel like you deserve meif you decide to stan bts be ready to use your brain 24/7... i feel like attending a school not a fandom #btsbbmaswhy do i feel like we may be lucky enough to get most of the communities featured in the s8 premiere and a lot of hilltop scenes in s8??i feel like facebook should have a filter. so far i unfriend a lot of people but it is roughbabi la i feel like crying rnwhen i look into your eyes i can see a love restrained but darling when i hold you don't you know i feel the same #gremmapersonally know of. idk dudes, i feel like it's a lazy word to use for politics you don't like. which is fine, but just be honest about it.i feel your pain!every time i get sick i feel like i'm in the twilight zone"it's weird, i know, but i feel like something is watching me, from upstairs. especially when i sleep."i just saw a pizza with strawberries on it and i don't know how i feel about it.i feel like the worst thing my man could do is take his attention away from mei feel im really selfish but then i realize im not being selfish im just really observant and im pissed about that things i observei seriously can't go anywhere without my headphones i feel naked if i don't have themi feel bad for anyone who dates harry styles bc the fan girls are ruthlessi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel hatethe girl in xo tour llif3 who said "baby, i am not afraid to die".........i feel heri feel so blessed to be part in this teamhayward: i feel like i came a long way this year and i feel like there's a long ways still to go. gives me a lot of motivation.maybe i wont say but i feel mihonishida forbenchhonestly this better make it to a text book one day. i feel so importantbabes i am having wine coz i feel i am about to breakdown.given my experience last week, i feel confident that columbia would lose its collective <bleep> with him and tebow both.as a female, the frustration i feel trying to plug in my phone in the dark is the closest i'll ever come to understanding how guys can missanyways good morning it's 1:44pm and i feel like <bleep>i feel myself becoming less important to people as every single day passesi feel like trash todayi feel like i can do anythingi vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist award i feel blessed. hope worldi feel too good todayit hasn't even been a full month since switching my diet around already i feel better.literally why do i feel like it's gonna end with it all being in her imagination and she's locked up in some hospital htgod really gonna bless me i feel itu right i feel ui'm so angry rn sorry about this i feel completely ignoredthat's how i feel about myself
i feel like slowly god gonna bless me with something really big.
finals time and i feel like crap with a fever lmao
you guys what is nem xem and why does it have a $1 billion market cap? i feel like crypto grandma - not hip with the cool new
i feel like someone has ran over my head with a tractor
outta body, that's just how i feel when i'm around you shawty.
i feel empty
i feel like i can be anything with u
i feel like i need a berg reunion. i'm in withdrawal
me:dante you lost some weight him:yeah man i sprint everywhere i go in my house because i feel like a fat
tells me to hold her phone so i do , and i feel it vibrate and that's when i saw some texts from some <bleep> oth
omg thank u so much for saying this, i've also been saying this for a long time and now i feel super validated/happy seeing t
i feel better when i make better music
i'm more than 100% certain this is going to happen. i feel the graston technique is far worse.
i feel so relieved that i have time for myself, i don't have to worry about others and procrastinate my work and fail; i love myself
why do i feel so negative lately is it pre army syndrome
i feel like when i come home from school my mom turns the house into a plantation cause i swear she works me like a slave
every time i sleep over at this boys house i feel like after i use the rest room i have to put the seat back up
i feel my heart breaking lol
i feel like <bleep>
i feel attacked i really just want my soulmate
im about to make a bad tweet, i feel it,
i feel like it should be "highlit"
not 1, not 2 but 5 lions? #lionsescape. i feel sorry for the mpumalanga community near kruger national park. they won'
oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel a
i feel you rv!
great!! being busy is blessing!! that's what i feel all the best with your new project #jaimatadi
why do i feel like ryan was the one who said this
i slipped on a baby bird's corpse walking inside today; i feel kinda gross.
i feel in balance. im happy with myself #33 and counting
i feel dizzy i vote #btsbbmas
i'm in bed working rn and i feel ya
i feel ya. it don't never shut down
i wanna tell you how i feel, but im scared. scared of being hurt again, scared of you not feeling the same and scared of
i look dead, i feel dead. can someone kill me
why do i feel like literally no one wants me around :)))))))
fusions to get it i feel like i will ng+ pretty soon after beating it it's really re-playable
i can be goofy, nasty, a sweetheart, a savage, an <bleep>hole, sarcastic, or whatever mood i feel like at the moment
sometimes i feel like life would be better if i didn't exists
nobody else can change how i feel about you. the only person that can mess up what we have, is you!
oh god i feel like my lifes been a lie
i feel bad for anyone that can't appreciate how talented shawn is #shawnbbmas
the one who cheats is the one who made the commitment to the other person...i feel like this gets lost so much in such dramas
this is how i feel when i wake up from a nap and i dont see the light so i have to figure out what day i live in, what centu
i want to tweet e2 in japanese but idk if its allowed as i am also a dev but i feel i need to warn others
oh my god, i feel like me again. it was great! i haven't had anything to yell about in a while.
in other words what ur saying is sorta baseless and doesn't coincide with how i feel people appreciate what i do ..
i just did my ab check after the shower right now and i feel bad for u guys ahahah im <bleep>in fine and im not even in my prime
i'll see him and hear him sing live on his very first solo tour. i'm never this lucky so i feel like i won at life. i'm so
i'll stream today but not now...it's too <bleep>ing hot and i feel miserable~
ove gone here for four years i feel likeive found.narnia
i dont judge. i just say what i feel.
should i see joseph capriati in dc before carl cox in ny? i feel like that's a decent plan....
today, i feel so happy because my teacher english is england and he's handsome he's 25 years old and no girl friend
i feel myself becoming less important to people as every single day passes
i feel like <bleep>er takes this time to psych himself up like in boogie nights "i'm a star. i am a big bright shining star." #pressbriefing
i feel like crying
i feel bad for you
im too shy and i feel stared at
i feel in my <bleep>s he'll do that
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel like if a mfers always kept it it wouldn't be as much confusion in the world say what you mean and mean what
you r going to meet liam. i feel it! you deserve it!! #q100liam she deseeeerrrrvveeesssss this!
how i feel when i keep <bleep>ing up
i feel like i will never escape this constant feeling of hopelessness.
damn i've been up since 7 and i feel like it's already a long <bleep> day
i feel bad my brother broke his wrist falling off his bike
i slept with socks on now i feel dirty
its okay i feel 392833243242 miles deep for arjuna and he makes your hand hurt bc you want to slap him all the time
i feel like nobody can see mewhen specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i owi feel like you've told me this before.#kyaqusoorhaiamlaka this show is so realistic and good. i feel so bad for abeer. he did nothing and still have to feeloh i feel for you. im with 24-30 month oldsthis is how i feel when i wake up from a nap and i dont see the light so i have to figure out what day i live in, what centui am cause i feel horrible loli feel fat.justin got very emotional every time he sing "life is worth living" i don't know if it's true but this is what i feel #once i feel different about you, ya done.it's not even ten and i feel like i've been punk'd at least three times today.bloody paul nuttall and his target for zero migration. it's the geese i feel sorry for.i feel like ben will have no idea what we r sayingstill trying to understand how i feel about you.i'm european, i feel happy, i dwell in peace, feel safe and enjoy freedom. you shouldn't <bleep>ume evei feel like posting some of my drafts. remember - these are the tweets that didn't make it. do not judge me. these are rejecon a scale of rewatching all of how i met your mother, how <bleep> do i feelif you're havin' life problems i feel bad for you son. i got 99 problems and your capslock tweet is one.i feel like <bleep>i'm so iffy on how i feel about potlucks, because i don't trust everyone's cooking.the repugnant tories are so confident of a landslide there proposing a return to #foxhunting. i feel #f**king sick!! #doi feel so helpless."i can't sugarcoat the answer for you, this is how i feel: if somebody kill my son, that mean somebody gettin' killed."sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.alright oak... i enjoyed the staff wifi for too long now i feel the need to share it with you username: ohhs.sub passwordi feel n' look like <bleep>at this point in my life i feel i can do anything i put my mind toi feel bad for people that think that feminism is only about white women and hating on men like thats not what it is abouthow come i feel like all the explanation about wings is in that #bloodsweattears japanese mv but i still can't understand #btsbbmastbh, i feel like tea-drinking is the least of the uk's concerns when it comes to who our pm is.i feel you, #btsbbmas vote for top social artist awardsbelieve me....i have been through hell and back in this life and i feel no pain anymore.... i am num....i hardly listen to new songs now. watch blockbuster movies only. can't finish a book. don't read the dailies. i feel like studying a lot.if i tell you how i feel.. could i <bleep>? gotta see if the <bleep> good before i cuff.i feel like it's so hard for my parents to understand me ughi can be goofy, nasty, a sweetheart, a savage, an <bleep>hole, sarcastic, or whatever mood i feel like at the momenti feel like the biggest loser on the planet. <bleep>yessss i feel that way about it too!! very cheesing off indeedit's cute bc i just told my mum about it and how i feel and she just responded with "are you nearly there yet"yeah i feel you !i feel d need to say that i support jens decision and im sure she will b successful in any new project she starts! still lovesame!! i feel like such a catfishi was soo looking forward to a cup of tea but now that i have had it i feel sicklegolas. i feel very strongly about thisis mr beynade really in his twenties i feel like hes 16i mean, i feel like that collusion between the president and a foreign government isn't something that a prewhen i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave mei'm broken. he's my healer. i'm overwhelmed. he's my peace. i feel alone. he's w/ me always. i'm a sinner. he's my savi feel horribleyeah and i need u too i feel likei feel like mf speedy gonzaleshaha i feel that!have you considered doing an ouat con in nashville or atlanta?? i feel there's a big market for one heresuch great talent on but my guy and my votes are with the one who i feel will endure as a mega star!my favorite bra broke and now i feel like there's no one left to support me.tumbleseed reminds me of spelunky in that if i get past the first stage i feel like a master and the second stage is impossiblewhat happened at the end? pm vanished. no goodbye i feel cheated.
when specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i ow
you can't deny what i feel between us
i feel very passionately about dogs. deadass they are the best pets lmfao
oh you know i did it it's over and i feel fine nothing you could say is gonna change my mind #foofighters
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
tomorrow are the final exams.... ugh i feel like <bleep> just thinking about it
just had a lesbian call me sugartits. not quite sure how i feel about that.... #respectthemoobs true story.
really don't know how i feel about it
i feel the need for more context here
yasaas :( after i watched it, idk who's my bias anymore. i feel lyk im swerving lanes
especially being femme, every time i'm at a pride event or a bar i feel like people think i'm somet
i'll worry about a relationship as soon as i feel like i don't have to change myself for someone to fall in love with me
how did i not realise that emmet in #legomovie was now i feel like a #prattprattpratt
.@hellcatazura also ... now i feel super bad about this...
i feel hell like a dog barking in the distance.
i feel like taisho alice would've gotten a better result if it went thru google translate at least that way the voice acting
i feel like i get the most compliments when i look terrible
i feel so personally attacked by alberto
i feel like gemma
lord knows that i'm blessed, but sometimes i feel cursed
i feel like tolerate is more accurate
i say im fine but im going insane i say i feel good but im in pain i say it's nothing but it's really a lot i say im o
i've been drawing so much bangtan fa lately, i feel like i'm getting better at drawing their faces #btsbbmas
i feel like <bleep>
since i have calfresh i could buy foods any time i need, i buy better foods, and i eat healthy meals. i feel better no
"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel anyway..
i just took a craaaazzy depression nap, woke up and immediately ate ice cream for lunch and now i feel better
i feel like a world clock. it's 10:09 in ca any exciting news you'd like to announce? #keeprogergh #gh #friz
i feel your pain
even bad coffee today and i feel to wake up every morning and be taken from under me.
lovely i feel sorry for those who fall for this. she's not offering anything new and by the end of summer it will be apparent
i feel like he'd like to watch it anyways
thanks for the quick response, guys! as a privacy researcher, i feel like i need the transparency to confidently reco onetab.
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i felt so much, that i started to feel nothing! i feel dead from inside all senses took last breath. when the <bleep> of th
i feel like taissa farmiga would've played a good violet markey
i feel like my family is harassing me for my dislike of pineapples. i have never liked them get off my case.
"i like the sort of 'nothingness' of the jeans and the t-shirt. i feel that's about as close as i can get to the future because it seems li
my <bleep>ing notifications,i feel famous haha
sometimes i feel like i've matured and grown too quick and just want to be a naive little child again living life with no
lol! that's how old i feel sometimes. thanks so much, nik!
cause i feel like im always dreaming
i feel so far away i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas
i feel like posting some of my drafts. remember - these are the tweets that didn't make it. do not judge me. these are rejec
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
words cannot express the love i feel for rumbelle. even if the show ends i will never lose the love i feel for them. r
i feel so so sick i want to ***
omg i feel so old looking at this it was a few years back now so cute
i feel worse than all of lana's albums together! #eurovision come easy eheheheh
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
the way my man looks at me no one has looked at me that way before, i feel so lucky!
if you don't have a julia moore i feel sorry for you
i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somethin
damn it, i need to write but i feel like someone socked me in the eye. migraines are the work of one of the devils really slimy minions.
i feel bad for you
suho: i want to heal tao's injury baekhyun: exo isn't exo without tao sehun: tao without you i feel so empty. wo
i feel like the comic book industry derives fun out of taking the piss out of it's fans on a regular basis
i feel bad for people's ears when i open my mouth
i feel like somethings goin on hope im wrong tho
i feel like my tweets could be used as a diagnostic metric. like "oh, in the morning of 5/9 zooks was manic af"
such great talent on but my guy and my votes are with the one who i feel will endure as a mega star!
i feel like you still young minded if you hate hearing the truth like grow tf up accept <bleep> for what it is.
i feel like i'm the only one hyped for azizis new album,
i feel it coming loli feel sooo good after a nice showeri detach myself when i feel like i'm getting attached to someone. can't do that.this weird 35-40 year old guy is trying to make small talk with this 19 year old girl. i feel you hun. that <bleep> is <bleep>ing awkward.im so paranoid i feel like i smell likei feel like i'm falling apart"theyre going back to the start and saying hhyh is over" but listen i still dont get it i feel victimized #btsbbmasi feel like i'm the main character of an anime but it's the first few episodes so i <bleep>like israel entry says this year "i feel aliveeee"how can a name, one single f@#$&amp;ng name can change your mood so easily??? i feel a mixer just went through my insides!!!!the real reason i don't like to hang out with people anymore is because i feel bad for them for having to look at mewho actually uses gatorade while playing sports? i feel like it's only useful when you're hungover or sick.so i feel like that ending scene with namjin is to throw us off bc look the ending clip of bst jpn mv is how i need u sthings have been going so well lately, i feel like i'm gonna get hit by a car soon or somethingwhich is sort of how i was earlier but like.. i feel less sick when i stand up now.@bts_twt i feel like jin today, but what can i do? my fandom is the best and i'm voting for as top social artimay allah make my heart strong when i feel down.i feel like pablowhat have i done jack i feel so bad i feel horrible i'm sorry i'd like to stop crying now but i can'ti feel you brotheri can't explain all the emotions i feel at once. it's so overwhelming sometimes.why do i feel like crying because of the sound?????? like???? that's not a song to cry on???? what??i'm having such a sugar rush rn i feel like my heart is gonna burstevery time i try to be cute i feel like i annoy people such a great feeling thoi feel nauseous. might have to give up coffee and dairy again. <bleep> man damn.i feel like is actually a social experiment to see how much bs one individual can take before losing iti feel like no <bleep> could ever treat my man better than i do, or even love him as much as i doj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i soutgrowing people is real and i feel it happeningi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis'mario biondi - do you feel like i feeli feel that. i'm kind of half <bleep> watching clips. haven't watched live in so so long.i tell a lot of stories about past adventures when i feel uncertain about the future. it grounds me to remember all thati feel terriblei really need to go clothes shopping so i have some clothes i feel comfortable inbe strong man i feel yai feel violatedyo i feel off of a uhaul truck about a month and a half ago and landed on my back...i wanna be spoiled but if someone actually spends money on me i feel so badparents shouldn't be allowed on social media. embarrassed doesn't even begin to explain how i feel.i just planted some sunflowers!! i feel like a real adulti feel like i'm shedding the lining of my uterushe sure is! and this is a week or two ago... i feel he's really popped since then! #trlt #25weeksi'm so bored i feel like starting some <bleep>this is how i feel when i wake up from a nap and i dont see the light so i have to figure out what day i live in, what centusometimes i feel like the 10 day forecast is laughing at me when it shows sun mon-fri and rain on the weekends. i just want to golfi feel no empathy for sean <bleep>er having to face the press every day attempting to defend the indefensible. he's as complicit as anyone.why do i feel like this is something viktor actually did send to chrisi feel awful today, but oh well.i feel so <bleep>ing anxious thoi feel unloved.i feel your rage. how many weeks? hope you're feeling ok. xi reminded myself about it and think how i feel!i feel trevor linden owes us a selfie at the polls or something as proof after hammering us with all those "i vote" ads for whow much i wish to get my <bleep> like this bisexual i feel jealous jealous of him i wish i was your placei feel lost =(i feel batista gets a lot of unnecessary hate tbh. i liked his feud with taker in 07 a lot too.i feel like such a <bleep>ing <bleep>holei started writing last month. going to keep going till i feel like it's ready + done!dr. seuss advice at a college graduation... i feel prepared!
i want to vote labour because of their policies but i don't know how i feel about corbyn and his ties to the ira ://
i've had so much coffee. i'm still unbelievably tired, and i feel extremely sick. bleh.
i'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thing
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
sequoia - but i feel like this one is taken already :d
lol for that brand to pop like they want i feel like he gotta go to la
i feel like my throat has been bitten by a thousand ants
i think i'm coming down with something, i feel sick and so exhausted
if i could do it i would but i feel it's best to educate myself instead of just doing it. i need to start going to the library again. damn.
girl i feel it lmao
for the #bbmas top social artist award, my vote goes to #btsbbmas baby it's in my veins, i feel it starting to rain
this little girl came to my meet and greet and asked me what my name was i feel humbled and kind of star struck by her ??
just deleted my snapchat and now i feel a little more in control of my life
i feel it coming #eurovision
.i feel that way when telling mine about reasonableness and human decency.
bro like you guys don't understand how great i feel not wanting to be with someone that treated you like <bleep>. i'm so <bleep>ing grateful
i feel like the <bleep> <bleep> im lit like a candle
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...
yeah i feel ya, i'm having a hard time getting back into league myself
the official faved my flight security story i feel blessed
l feel good, baby i feel great!
bri: " whataburger cheese is nasty" me: " i feel threatened"
i feel like and i would be friends
you feel like you right and i feel like i'm right to busy acting like kids,
i'll change it, i feel bad.
i got my first credit card and i feel so grown up
there's no real cure for how i feel. i hate being like this. it's how i always wind up.
so excited for next month that i feel <bleep>erflies in my tummy
just because i don't show how i feel doesn't mean it's not killing me
2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouraged
if you decide to stan bts be ready to use your brain 24/7... i feel like attending a school not a fandom #btsbbmas
lol.. bread is something you always gotta have. i feel very comfortable with a loaf or two around..
<bleep>ted i feel it ion care what they say
i feel gross lol
i feel a new vulnerability/strength about myself opening up. #godswork
sophmore year has ruined me broken me down and i feel like i am dirt
i feel like cooking is practice, the more you do it the more creative you get
"yall i feel embarrassed cause someone replied to the retweet i did that wasn't my art and though they meant my memes" #bt
i don't always say what i feel but i promise it doesn't take away from what i'm feeling.
didn't notice he'd hit like. all i feel is pity now hahahahahah
i feel like <bleep> tday my throat is in freakin pain
on the contrary i feel more senti when i m drunk
i feel like my entire body is made of unaddressed hurt
i feel like she has to work and pay fee bills i don't want a sit at home wife ... hell naw
never been caught up cause i know how to <bleep> with one female.. when i feel like it
wow i feel the love
i feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everything
i appreciate you family. i feel the same about y'all!
this was blown way out of proportion and now my feelings are hurt i feel like an idiot for trying to plan all this <bleep>
man one mf posted "i feel like floyd in this may weather" now they all posting iti know she planned that tweet tho th
not sure how i feel about and creepin around my neighborhood #hideyourkids #hideyourwife
why haven't i taken any baby bump pics i feel like i've been pregnant forever and have 0
honestly i feel blessedt
my heart is so heavy i feel like the world is not as bright
i feel so bad but it's ok
but i feel obligated to adopt from a shelter. so a cute small/medium dog would be nice.
i feel like i'm one of the only people that know the difference between ok and okay
i feel okey like una vez al mes, jodido the rest.
i feel really out of it, today.
eva longoria's feelings about exercise are so relatable: "i don't enjoy working out, i like the way i feel after" (alison prato/health.com)
tbh i feel like i'm still going to be prouder of my aa from pmar than my ba from csusm bc if what it means to me
i feel bad for sami. he's been exceptional when he has played
i have a soft spot for kim idk why she's just too adorable like i feel. af everyone bullied her into taking the pics down
bro he averages like 40 against golden state lol i feel like if we get passed pop we get to play against lebron
omg how happy i feel, just look our amazing couple. i mean no words can explain this unique love #nihkemso i set with the older sales guys on my team at work. i feel like the prodigybsat jap. ver. is out and i feel like im on drugs, thanks .i feel like <bleep> when you ignore me.i'm going to wrap the factorio learning factory in a few videos, i feel like i have accomplished what i want to with that factory.anyone else still wanting to see #trump's #taxes? i feel like that would just clear everything up. #resistance #trumprussiai'm nervous and anxious i have to do an exam in less than 3 hours and i feel unpreparedcurrently doing w/e i feel like doing, do not disturbi don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need something..liam is literally the nicest human ever, i'm sorry for tweeting this too often but i feel like the world needs his kindnei feel like the squad is going to be all over the place lmaoi feel so bad that iris is sad i wanna go kick some <bleep> seriously who has the nerve to do thatme trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.i feel it cominstill can't relate i feel like dying have a good nightnow i feel so bad but my laundry is pilling up. so feeling not so guilty huhit's hard for some people to understand that the minute i stop drawing, i feel dead. stop trying to make me go out..i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need something.. :)i feel like a chapter of my life is ending and my chakras are aligningi feel sickthat flamingo beat by devon thompson is i feel like smoking one to that loli'm just an ordinary girl sometimes i'm lazy i get bored i get scared i feel ignored i feel happy i feel silly i choke on my own wordsmy drink spill on me while i feel on uif i feel like you pushing me away ima let you !i feel abandonedj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel bad for a lot of mothers.uh oh i read some transphobic comments on facebook and i feel sickif you decide to stan bts be ready to use your brain 24/7... i feel like attending a school not a fandom #btsbbmasi feel like if my sister had my twitter she'd barge into my room everyday to yell at me about my lifei feel like every time i say "this is gonna be the best summer yet!" something always goes wrong that ruins itbut i don't feel crazy anymore, i feel alive and free. i feel inspired. i finally realized when enough is <bleep>ing enoughi feel like spring day was dedicated to me, therefore, i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmasomg someone sent me a picture of themselves and because i didn't respond they sent a :( i feel badwe're coming up on the full moon so i feel <bleep>ing weird like i wanna jump out of my skininb4 "i feel the need to contribute to the society by becoming a doctor"i feel like each time harry gets more confident and happier while performing as a solo. i'm very proud like i can't put itim some cases i feel like child support is a broke <bleep> hustle. i would never waste my time putting a <bleep> on it .i feel so guilty towards my frieeeends im sorry for being such a lil <bleep> recently!!!!!!!!!!let me sit this <bleep>sssssssss on you show you how i feeli feel similarly but i have no idea what the data on it is.why do i feel out of the loop and not knowing who this babe isone reason i wanna fall in love is so i can express what i feel through drawings and continue with it the more we growthis is how i feel when i wake up from a nap and i dont see the light so i have to figure out what day i live in, what centui feel like smash 4 is now not my main fighting gamei feel that you could make me smile with a simple hi :) carter reynoldsi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happennobody else can change how i feel about you. the only person that can mess up what we have, is you!i hate carrying around large amounts of cash... i feel like imma get robbedi feel like i'm on knightmare and i'd better have brought a bejewelled comb for her or i'm going down a pit. #eurovisionidk how i feel about the new sc updatei feel like i'm too emotional there's something wrong with me lol i seriously have been having mixed feelings all dayi'm wearing all black rn and i feel like i could and should kick some <bleep>star trek: wrath of khan kirk: angela bassett spock: idris elba khan: grace jones i feel funny...the only time i feel good is when i'm at the gymi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi don't even know how i feel about thisi feel like i just woke up and everything is wacki feel sick :(can't! am working tomorrow and i feel ill afi feel so sicki have so many questions about what's happening in this video idk how i feel about iti dint want to hurt u more. u r alrdy hurt. i dont wanna come online nd face u. i feel desperate.i feel afraid bc its starting to feel more and more like this job isnt the right place for me but i have literally 0 other job prospectsi don't know why but i feel like kicking noah's <bleep> today.i feel the trash
i have always known i want to work in it. now i feel that i could learn to be a software engineer if i learn at
i feel like the stream is a little behind on my phone
i don't want a girlfriend i just want someone to feed me ice pops until i feel human again
i feel bad i haven't been on as much lately......kellie and i have been binge watching netflix shows like crazy
i hope to someday be as amazing and inspiring as christy altomare . what a woman . i could not ask for a better role mo
updating p levels for a couple of my sen children and they've literally improved and coming on sooo well. i feel like a proud mother.
fifty-five.i vote for bts at #btsbbmas top social artist. and suddenly i feel so afraid of the void
i feel bad for people who still judge others based on how much <bleep> they have? that's sad imo
when your married i feel like <bleep> 4 times a week is standard
i feel so attacked
i feel sorry for writers who have a monkey on their back. right now i have a cat on mine. it's much cooler.
i feel like i'm the only one who isn't done with finals
i feel ya
i feel dumb for not noticing the broken mirrors in almost all mvs. i vote for #btsbbmas. #bbmas
i feel like i'm falling apart. i keep trying to make everyone believe i'm okay, even myself. but i'm not. i'm getting
why not have it say i'll post when i feel like it ?
i can sense it:/ i feel like the zoras are hungry for imperialism
i feel sorry for gab
i feel so lost.....
everyone looks so cute with these nails i want them toooo but i feel like i'll regret them
i feel like there's either an elephant in the room or a <bleep> drawn on my face, i can't really tell which
i had a salad after school and i feel like i could take on the world
accurate tho i feel like twitter needs to delete all that <bleep> before you become famous the tl finds ur old tweets
today is awful and it's even more awesome that i feel like i get no help
i feel like that's the medias way of subconsciously making you believe although we might be speaking the same language
i wanna kill myself i feel like hannah baker
alright oak... i enjoyed the staff wifi for too long now i feel the need to share it with you username: ohhs.sub password
army squad i feel very content being an army and i know our boys will be happy when we vote as top social arti
i feel attacked
i dont like talking about how i feel anymore. i just act like i dont have feelings
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
my bf and i share an apple music account now and i feel so bad cause i'm adding all my random music
i feel like yoongi jimin jungkook are connected in ways
i feel physically attacked
'when i feel emotionally prepared to mess up on the internet again' more like
i feel like the riverdale cast greet u at hell
i feel that too. having another person can be great support, but they can also hinder you by not going.
i haven't smoked anything in 3 weeks and i feel so much better. i don't think i'll ever smoke again tbh
painting images across my plains, achingly i feel the touch, light the brush strokes, heavy the bristles #nrrtg #nuromant
i feel ten emotions right now about different things idk what's going on...
i feel like oomf takes selfies with a 5c with a shattered screen because it's never really good quality but not like android quality
i was tired until ten minutes ago and now i feel like staying up all night
mark i feel sad :( x
i don't know why i trusted what my bro cooked... now i feel ill
i feel betrayed
for the #bbmas top social artist award, my vote goes to #btsbbmas kiss me althought it hurt nad all i feel is the burn
i see yalls selca days and i feel super self conscious but here we go
i feel so neglected
i feel so awful today my tummy hurts
i feel lost
omg i feel like i'm bothering her !
i feel like one giant ball of stress
leon just called me kitty cat i feel violated
i feel like im in drugs because of their new mv!!!! [vote #btsbbmas
oh i feel like this is going to be special. #mne #eurovision
it probably is good, i feel bad now :(
this is how i feel when i wake up from a nap and i dont see the light so i have to figure out what day i live in, what centu
and i feel like this year is really about, just the year of realizing fakes
i feel like this will be very entertaining #mne
i just cooked myself eggs even tho i feel kinda little im proud of myself
if that's all y'all think of him then i feel sorry who gives a <bleep> who he knocked up get over it, the man is talented
i'm very consistent when i take an interest in someone. i'm attentive and open. <bleep>, i'll show my thirst if that's how i f
guys it's so hard being cool 24/7, i feel like yal don't give da les enough credit..you'll never catch that <bleep> slipp
i feel a poll coming on! what's your flavour missus?
funny cuz i feel like i almost asked for this spongebob meme epidemic. promised i'd never let one pass me but now it's every other tweet
there is so much that i feel this way about.
.@planetjedward i feel so blessed! thank you for all your love the past years
yes....i feel the same way. it's so sweet.
me, at school: damn i wanna take a nap jake, in his bed: i feel u man
that's how i feel right now. laying in bed this morning like how bad do i need this job ?
oh christ pony tail slinky hops guy i feel disturbed by this one... #esc2017
sometimes i feel like i'm incapable of love because if anyone hurts me i'll just hurt them much worse
i feel so
i feel like making either some super niche zelda fanart or cookie run fanarti feel so alonei feel awful so i really want to go dye my hair purple, but i have yellow-ish hair. and i dont want it to turn gross ughhhi feel so unmotivated to do my schoolworki vote for top social artist award at #btsbbmas i feel so nice, mom i feel so nice~first love, sugai don't feel good but now that chris is home from work an woe is cuddling with us i feel a bit betteri feel you have been a magnificent bellend. i doff my <bleep>-shaped cap to you, sir.sometimes i feel like a stranger in my own country. the america i grew up learning about has no place for racism, <bleep>ism, or homophobia..@msminotaur albania's first few lines were "what's happening, i don't understand", and i feel that's an apt summary of thisi'm so used to having so much stuff in it, when i get other brands i feel cheated.in order to focus on the future, for the sake of survivors the city, i feel should resign.kehlani concert got cancelled. she's sooo sick. i feel so bad and so sad because i might not be able to see her again #ssswatching lex learn how to drive , and now balance school and work i feel like i'm watching my own kid grow upwhat's your position on fox hunting?! your manifesto i feel would be really interestingi feel myself only when i'm alone, the relationships with the others i don't is natural : i requires an efforti feel like no <bleep> could ever treat my man better than i do, or even love him as much as i dogot another kogi drop from wte, only map 2. i feel like they should advertise it... i've only gotten kogi drops from wte events.just...really hard right now and i feel really hurtmy pops always trynna fight me like i'm an enemy i feel iti feel like posting some of my drafts. remember - these are the tweets that didn't make it. do not judge me. these are rejecmay allah make my heart strong when i feel down.i feel like working out regularly has made me a more sweaty personpolar bear got in a few lucky shots but i feel bronx won the fight columbus zoo is awesomei feel so sad for anyone who's parents don't except them for who they areif me expressing how i feel is extra and flip floppy then don't ask me how tf i feel#btsbbmas why am i outside i feel so ugrly... why do i feel like i'm getting deathstared at u n u;;funfetti cake sounds amazing! but like i feel it would be mad expensive buying ingredients from maxmart... chale #cititrendsi am voting for top social artist music award #btsbbmas but i feel like i want to keep yoongi wordsi feel bad for people that think that feminism is only about white women and hating on men like thats not what it is abouti wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.outgrowing people is real and i feel it happeningi feel your pain. i'm reading up on theories but so far what i have is a headache.i feel the other way round; the song lets down the visuals.you're welcome! i wouldn't post about it if i didn't know it was for real. i feel the same way about sources.i feel like your losing interest in me and it <bleep>s:(lmao i feel so sorry for youi feel so tiredi feel i should apologise in advance in case shockwave's skeleton army is all i talk about for the next week.as an educator speaker i feel like at the grammys. #outsider #mile #116 #unashamedi feel like something is missing from my lifei don't know what god wants me to do. i feel stuck.sometimes i feel so empty that i cant even find any emotions within me.i feel so inspired by all the 5th year med students at my campus becoming si's (student interns) today #only2ndyeari don't like change and i fear letting go something i feel has meaning and purpose to mejust heard a country cover of nirvana's in bloom and i dont know how i feel.just listened to on i feel...say what you need to say any <bleep>ing way you want to!i really want to cry but i don't bc i'm stubborn and don't want to show how i feelif one particular aspect of matt harvey were different, i feel like this story would have been told very differently.i feel like a mum i'm so proud of ma boyz so i'm voting for as top social artist #btsbbmassleep deprived isn't even half of what i feel rnfirst time in about 7 years i haven't had an ounce of tan on and i can honestly say i feel sick, how don't people tan all the time ???i feel like this job is transcendental for youyou guys may not know how amazing it feels to listen to songs in native language like me i feel so proudi feel it's when you became a true fan.i feel delhi police should first arrest .. from mughals to tharoor... he seems to defend all killers of hinduwhy did aidan go and cut his hair? i feel betrayed#eurovision i feel like shes gonna kill them allim literally a weird <bleep>er i got a secret crush and i feel sorry for the stories i give to #falsehopei feel you! i took a class to learn hangul finally so i actually know the sounds lol.lonzo ball is gonna be a bust. i feel itomg??? tiny horse dogs??? i had no idea until today, i feel so blessedman one mf posted "i feel like floyd in this may weather" now they all posting iti know she planned that tweet tho thdancing horse man on a ladder. i feel the real #eurovision coming on #aze #sbseurovisionif you know how i feel , why would you say that? like, you put me in such an uncomfortable situation. like, you know i'm not happyalso i feel bad for courtney because teenagers are stupid and usually don't realize when someone is uncomfortable
halep through. cirstea through. begu a break up in the final set. i feel i've see this movie before, #mutuamadromaniaopen
i feel so epic! if being a novelist doesn't work i can be a journalist
i feel like i'm going to be jamming #humanz all summer also! love my u.k. brethren !
i feel like it's the new puppy filter.
i gave up 5 times this week but i feel good cos i kept going
i feel like my ankle didn't heal properly because this <bleep> still hurts when i walk
phewwww i feel better, everyone else has way less than i thought they would
can someone get donald trump to dab? i feel like if it did to him what it did to clinton we'd probably be done with him in a matter of days
the more i sleep, the more i feel like sleeping..
i feel like complete <bleep> for some reason so i'll be on dms only
me a few days ago: when i feel better i'm going to start eating better. me today (feels better): *eats pizza, ice cream, cooki
like it's okay if i feel bad but like she shouldn't have to feel bad and people are always trying to make her feel bad
can season 2 of 13rw be about if she chose to live and her and clay live happy ever after because i feel like we all deserve that
i feel like after seeing harry so up lose and irl it's so different to seeing him on tv or in the media??? i can't explain it
i just yelled at my dog for whining, then realized it wasn't her whining, and now i feel terrible.
i feel so bad for this man. then tomorrow dj cornydemicks will be start spouting <bleep>.
.@bts_twt i feel like jin today, but what can i do? my fandom is the best and i'm voting for as top social arti
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i feel so etheral when my crush hypes the fck outta me like u so fine and the fact u think im fine? we go 2gether now
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i feel like i am an awful descion maker when it comes to big decisions.
i feel like nobody will ever be good enough to date
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
smt i feel like dying twice in one moment
yooo having asthma with this wind ain't helping i feel like a fish without water !!!!!!!!!!!!!
kait called me hot so i feel fulfilled because she's the prettiest human
i feel like my brain is drying up
i feel like i need a signature leg move now #mda #eurovision
i feel betrayed y'all
omg this made me.laugh so much i feel bad now hahahaha im sorry
i feel like they started writing this song with the saxophone and put everything else around it (badly)
i feel like i need to get out of ohio bc y'all wanna be rappers and wanna be trappers and nothing else lmao
i feel sorry the germans and europeans weren't able to liberate you from judeo communism?half of europe enslave until 1989...
if you decide to stan bts be ready to use your brain 24/7... i feel like attending a school not a fandom #btsbbmas
unprivate your <bleep> so i can retweet this because i feel the same way. <bleep>s unnecessary as hell
i feel educated.
i feel like i shouldn't be reading this since i'm just starting that show??
my hair still looks good and i don't wanna wash it but i kinda have to cuz i feel weird if i don't :(
i feel bad that you gave up something so good just because you didn't know any better but i'm done begging you to fix it
oh my god i feel so so sick <bleep> this
girl me too i feel my throats clench every time
oomf married and i feel like that should've been me. i'm a little salty lol
me: "i want harry to follow me" harry: "i want harry to follow me, shut yo <bleep> <bleep> up ill follow you when i feel like it"
matt has just chipped my favourite mug, i can't look at him right now, i feel so betrayed
i feel myself coming on a bit misery with the jiggy leg action. plus it's awful. #mda #eurovision
i wanna wash my truck but i feel like it's gonna rain
young, black proud. i feel this way everyday! not just this month. #blackhistory
i called hfk and it's just halsey whispering creepily i feel,,, uncomfortable
i know that i am stupid but when i look around me i feel a lot better. - anonymous #aldubxdtbypordalab
especially with my sad resting face i feel like hats make me look suicidal
how should i feel because i'm poor?!
i feel like scar is the severus snape of the lion kingdom.
i don't even know why i feel the need to retweet 'retweet or bad luck'
this might sound <bleep>y but tbh i feel like i deserves it bc i've never talked to you before
i hate how messenger doesn't notify me of message requests i feel bad for not seeing it
i feel like i'm okay at overwatch but i ended up being a lolicon instead rip
i feel like caine is more mentally stable than me at times
hate when someone calls something that i love religiously trash on here. like captain crunch dawg? i feel disrespected
in short, i feel your pain.
no lyrics can express how i feel about you.
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
i feel like my brain needs constant stimulation! i blame college.
a dollar might just <bleep> your main <bleep>. that's just how i feel.
i feel so disgust
i feel like dancing now hahaha
i just found my new coffee addiction and i feel like i'm in heaven
i feel so betrayed when xo fans dont follow me back...like its me, your sister.. :((
oh i feel so good rn
i feel like a proud parent seeing the sax man and the rest of sunset project back on stage for moldova!
ima juss start punchin <bleep>s heads off when i feel any typa wayi feel like cyprus will qualify and iceland won't, and that's just so insanely unfair and unjustwhen specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i owi just zoned out but i feel like i haven't missed much tbh #cyp #eurovisionrestarting progesterone today. whenever i take it i feel insanely horny and slightly drunk. this should be an interesting few weeks.i feel like we saw this exact routine last year? #eurovisionahh alright i feel iti feel like #cyp has some promise. maybe? #esc2017why do i feel we are drifting apart recently :(i feel as cloudy as this weatherbut when i watch a poet spit i feel less crazy, less alone, less vulnerable and more human...das when i remember what it's all about(i'm from kentucky, so i feel comfortable saying i always forget that cyprus is a country. #eurovision)being a kid in the 90s was nice, but i feel like being an adult in the 90s would have been totally <bleep>in.'my name is cat and with tha kit in front of stall we lyk to sit i feel her tongue i say meow i have a fren hernot easy to express what i feel. we've just ended a very special season here and i'd like to thank everyone at leeds... #moti feel like i got ran over by a train...twicemy mom is so worried but i swear i feel finei wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.if your a spurs fan i feel bad for you! are taking the w tonight #nbaplayoffs #houstonrockets #rootsportsi could not love this picture more... and i totally see the anger! i feel it!if i ever loved you. i'll always love you. that's how i feel was raised.-drakekill me, i feel so bad and sicki feel like obama broke up with me n im rlly sad i miss himi feel good tonighti feel like i can tell you anything k but please don't cc: all meni feel weird as hell without my tongue ring inomg i feel it!i feel so connected to people who also play/played nancy drew computer games.sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.i feel like i'm going away from religion. and that is terrifying to me."i've been on the low i been taking my time i feel like i'm out of my mind it feel like my life ain't mine who can relate?"welp now i feel good that i have <bleep> wifij cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i sis it bad that i feel like some of my friends i would never hear from if i never texted them first?i'm not american, but i feel your pain. the #gingerturnip cannot even speak english."oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel anwhenever i feel dumb i just look at my tweets and i feel like i'm somewhat good at one thing, too bad some people are duplicatini feel like if i met namjoon i'd get along with him so well especially talking bt deep stuffi feel like i'm next to get pregnant... ima try to fight it tho. ima hold y'all down lolthank you.. it's a very bad time for me.. i feel like things are happening and i can't do anythingstill i feel that strange fragrance of your body !!!! #first__effect !!!i just made it into 's nsfw tag because of this anon's ask i feel like i've reached a new milestone with hii feel youuuuuuas an educator speaker i feel like at the grammys. #outsider #mile #116 #unashamedi feel so school in the student unionthe happiness i feel with you....i feel sorry for the poor costume person - #cyp #nosocks #eurovisionsometime i feel everything is belief and i try to close it ..i feel so bad for you right now but it is so funnyi feel like the stylist truly held a grudge at her for some reason but she still worked in true chung stylesometimes i feel sad because my sons deserve all the happiness in the world yet they get so much <bleep> and there's nothing wetrying to revise and theres silverfish in my books i feel violatedwhen i feel <bleep>ty i alienate myself, all my real friends know that and never take it personal.some amazing artwork at the in d.c. i feel like they've been hiding this place from us! #passportdci thought it was going to be enough, but somehow...it isn't. i feel all twisted up inside. and just when i was going to get off hiatus...i feel like this is what the devil looks likei feel if people don't want private/nude photos and videos leaked they shouldn't take themi feel sorry for anyone who has to come into contact with you.i kind of resent marvel and disney a little because i feel like they just spit out movies don't focus on the quality of it sometimeshonestly. i though second year was a breeze, until now. now i feel like i'm going to have a mental breakdown any minuteit's only tuesday and i feel like i had the longest week everwithout you i feel broke like i'm half of a whole without you i've got no hand to hold~ugh. that sounds like it's super frustrating for everyone (possibly her, too). i feel so bad for y'all.i feel your pain sista.i feel like crap and i haven't really rested since last weekthinking about gerudo valley cause that's how i feel when they reveal gold amiiboalright i felt rly sleepy when i was studying and now that im on my bed i feel so awake?? i hate this and now it's 1.45 amwhoever it is you two will be fighting i feel sorry for himi feel like uni is you suddenly become isis and you're also america and your life is an identity crisisi want to cry of how exhausted i feel right now...i feel bad for people who get stuck with <bleep> compulsory subjects
bob owens said a lot of things i feel were despicable. but if you're celebrating his suicide, you have no moral high ground to stand on.
changed all my past fb posts to private (from the public). now i feel extra safe and secure.
i was having an awful day, then i lifted and now i feel great lol
i feel u
its still fishy. i feel he's taking the lead so he can say, 'welp, nothing to see here folks
today's one of those days i feel like imma have chorro
if my <bleep>ties have ever been in your mouth , i feel you owe me a mother's day gift ...
i cant even vote today smh i feel like an outsider rn
i can't even explain how i feel anymore, my thoughts are so messed up in my head that i don't even understand them.
wheeee i am back qaq i feel like i spent most of my weekend sitting in my bf's car cause we went to a super far beach ._. htt
i feel sorry for all the teams that have to go against us next year in football #repeat
i need new music, i feel like i listen to the same damn songs over and over again
em has allowed me to steal four separate bits of her food in the last two days..... i feel we have hit a new friendship level
i feel like im the only filipino who calls turon, banana lumpia :/
i feel so good.
i feel like if i go to sleep i won't wake up to go back to work lol
i feel sick
i feel sooo blessed
i feel like god is testing me right now
i feel like i can tweak this on my own to the point where i feel comfortable enough to go live money
poor thing, eh? i feel the same way at the doctor's office
i feel like drinking garri.
i feel like crying it hurts so much
sometimes i feel i'm so attracted to my way of life that i turn down good opportunities because idk what to do with them
another day, another nightmare. i feel like i'm in #blissph. premieres today. #mornings
aa aaa i hope i feel better soon, hon!!!!! take it easy ok?
i feel like im a good guy tho
if ya car ain't got ac i feel sorry for ya
outgrowing people is real and i feel it happening
so this semester is officially over....serious question....what do i do now? i have this thing called "free time" and i feel
ive changed and grown so much tho. im not as depressed as i used to be, i feel like im finally moving forward
i feel your pain - dm'd my details 4 times over the past 2 weeks and still nothing #chocolateteapot
think i need to give better call saul another go, couldn't get into the first season but i feel like i'm missing out
"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel an
is really that emotional... i feel the same way... i got emotional when i saw #forrestgump...
if i feel like you <bleep>ting me, i'll let you know.
i feel your pain.
scott always looks so soft i feel like if i ever hugged him he'd be warm and gentle
both irene and yeri doing aegyo and i feel like im watching two maknaes being cute. but in the end it felt like theyre moth
i need a cwtch. i feel so <bleep>ing <bleep>ty.
"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i fe
dunno how i feel about this sc update
i feel so sick
i feel like leonardo dicaprio was 19 then he was suddenly 40 like there was no in between stage
i understand when they speak french at eurovision i feel fulfilled as a human being
i feel you. go for it !! lol
i feel like the plot was lacking a lot, but the characters carried the movie
being the first one to walk out your exam is damn near nerve wrecking. i feel like i didn't write enough
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
also i feel like #pearlmethyst is dead :(
my phone has been broken for a few weeks. i've been writing music lately. i've been working a lot. i feel pretty okay
if you got the time please send me cute pics of dannyadore i feel like <bleep>
aww i feel for you guys
only time i feel motivated to revise is when i'm wide awake at 2am..
god ritalin is <bleep>ing wild. i feel like ive got ants crawling around on my brain, but in an ok way? really restless. still not used to it.
idk how i feel about this
the way i feel when i'm doing everything else; except writing. no one truly understands a writers brain, at times not
i feel so comfortable around you
idk what it is but i feel like it's something for a tour video?? idk tho
i feel bad the guy sitting next to me keeps trying to peep what i'm doing on my phone and smells like pee.. what do i do !
good call! im sure you got this! i feel kinda bad for his wife but :/i vote bts (@bts_twt) for top social artist #btsbbmas. rt=vote! when i touched you with my small finger, i feel so nice mom i feel so nicei feel like 1d veteran fans should get some sort of mates rates discount ya feel lmao"i feel like i've found my life's work. implementing a vegetable garden in java is what i was born to do"i feel so crusty without my nails donei feel like a starfishi feel like this week is going by mad slowi wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days abouti would love to see adam lambert live! i feel like he would have such a huge stage presencei dont even know why the <bleep> i said that i feel drunk n highi feel like i'm loosing my mind. it feel like my life ain't mine.just got my nails done and i feel like beyonc - and i hate beyonci feel like fact <bleep>ault is either gonna be a major diss track or him just telling everyone what it really is. either way i'm excitedtampa here too i feel yai feel terriblei feel bad for people who don't stan harryim blem for real, i might just say how i feeli feel like it's unlikely to see middle-eastern men with women of other ethnicity or belief systems, not just asian.also i feel like yoongi was like ? a protector or smtg ? esp considering how originally he was supposed to cover jins eyei took my pre too early and now i feel like a crack whoreas an american, i feel it's my duty upon seeing a starving-kids ad on tv to immediately switch to a show about people coi feel like finland will be in the final even tho their song made me fall asleep #eurovisionme trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.i feel so stupid for getting so attached to temporary peoplei feel they hate everyone who isn't just. like. them.i feel so inadequate whi feel like i'm the only one who still watches eurovision thohonestly i feel like i'm falling deeper in the sunken placei feel he probably didn't do anything wrong.i really need to eat. i feel off.happy birthday incase i forget in 3 weeksi'll be 48 in 2 weeks imagine how i feel"today i got time tho" lmao i feel iti don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feeli feel that. do what you need to do pal. i hope happiness finds its way to you :)i feel free i feel freedom #nickibbmasj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si dressed up today and came back to put on converse shorts and a t shirt lol i feel a million times more comfortablemaxy i feel youi feel like running someone overi just feel u.... whenever i feel u.... i just miss u ..... whenever i miss u .... i just wanna see u .... do u know whyi wanna tell you how i feel, but im scared. scared of being hurt again, scared of you not feeling the same and scared ofi feel like the trash took itself out when toxic people leave my lifesometimes i feel like i've matured and grown too quick and just want to be a naive little child again living life with noi feel like is actually a social experiment to see how much bs one individual can take before losing it"i feel bad for not going to my usual barber smh.... i don't know how you guys can cheat on someone you love" - uic`ayy i never walk alone from your hands, i feel your warmth ayy you never walk alone feel me, youre not alone either #btsbbmai feel like i just heard thisnot me i'm traveling the <bleep> world putting up numbers. i feel like michael phelps the way rep usa in these sheets bro htti feel like probably me at some pointnow that all his clothes washed i feel almost completethese days i feel like i do nothing righti feel like we slept on #rawsilk hey?!i don't even feel like i have anxiety. i feel like i'm making everything up *types this as i'm almost having a panic attackgonna try to put how i feel into words tomorrow......but truly i am so happy to be here. thank you for letting me make these mei've called her like 5x i feel likei admire people who make sucesss out of a bad childhood because i am a <bleep>ing mess and have no hope in sight i feel like i ruined myselfi wish i had boxing today bc i swear i got so much <bleep> in my mental i feel like imma break down.i feel like tweeting my <bleep> pic.nah but i feel you i had a thing with someone who was also an aquarius so i understandidk why i feel like <bleep>i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing mewatching the movie #thearrival -why on earth would they film this so dark? i feel like i'm straining to even see it. how annoying.i feel so pushed awayokay so kehlani came out talking bout "i feel crazy" on stage like that aint one of her songs lmaoooo i woulda been like yeeeeeaaaa rock iti feel like scar is the severus snape of the lion kingdom.i feel so empty because what does a cow do after poopingi feel, i was caught off guard. thank the lord i had three range on my teami feel like i'm never going to be anybody's first choice /:
tell me why i feel like there's no way out
i love my job, but at the same time, at times, i feel like it is more of a slight hobby, but not my purpose...
ukno u heavy handed when u break your gear shift but i feel like i need mine in the middle instead of by the steering wheel
i'm out man. any day i can wake up wit a million. i feel so close. reginae is all in me. i feel 2pac. real <bleep>
i feel like complete <bleep>.
i need to get my eyebrows done so bad i feel like a damn caveman ugh
i try so hard for people who don't give a <bleep> but i feel like if i don't make the effort i'll legit never speak to anyone
i' feel like <bleep> is equivalent to a brain
i feel like listening to mbdtf in its entirety today
i feel so bad for the teens who get away with any and everything because once they open they eyes to reality it's gone s
unmood, i feel we are not as close as before imissedyouthefirst:')
i feel sick, all we ever hear about is hitler in our history books what about the english, the french the spanish etc smh
i feel blessed, can't wait to see you in 3 days
if i feel like someone is acting funny , i'll just fall back
i feel poppin af n depressed the same time rn lmao
this is auto dee jay, the bot with style. coming up next: i feel you by kevin macleod
i feel u#lacasadepapel2
i feel like i have a really great voice during fajr.. is it a bad feeling
i feel like i will never get used to seeing shawn perform in front of such huge crowds it's so overwhelming and i'm so proud
i feel for some oxtail...sigh
especially my dad, whether i try to talk to him about my mental health and how i feel we just end up arguing so i dont think he'd like this
i feel strong everytime i vissit my self
how do you think i feel with german?
cosmic ostriches.... i feel centered... and... flightless.
ima ape i feel like that when i rock that bape shxt!
anytime i watch a whitehouse press conference, i feel dumber. the saturday night live version has more facts. <bleep>er gives ame
everything i feel is completely irrational but i need help because it's all so irrational. i'm in such a <bleep> situation because
i feel like this kind of talk encourages him to make inane triggered jokes
i feel like you guys probably had something to do with this
i feel like i constantly annoy everybody. sorry
today i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of love
i feel it coming again...
my name is cat and with tha kit in front of stall we lyk to sit i feel her tongue i say meow i have a fren her
me after the mc sections: i feel pretty confident about this. college board w the frqs: i feel pretty confident about thi
when i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave me
i feel this so hard.
i need to go out somewhere and look cute instead of sitting in the house eating all day i feel so gross
i feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythi
if u gotta wear makeup to be "bad" i feel sorry 4u lmao
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i'm soo stressed about my exams i feel like i'm gonna <bleep> it i just want to make it to my summer break #btsbbmas
ayy i never walk alone from your hands, i feel your warmth ayy you never walk alone feel me, youre not alone either #btsbbma
i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so little
i feel you bro feelsbadman
korry prox saved a baby from a flooding truck and is the same guy that dunked on me at the wynne comm. court in high sc
i feel more restless right now than i've ever felt in my 33 years. the last year has aged me and changed me.
danced and laughed and ate good food and got my shoes all muddy from the hike but i feel great thanks for asking
i feel like i'm gonna throw up
me: *wants to be spoiled* also me: *wont accept anything bc i feel extremely bad if anyone spends any amount of money on me*
i feel so awkward when someone comes up to me to talk while i'm working out
i hate when i feel like this!!!
i feel u on that. i couldn't help but say something
i feel pretty terrible right now
not too bad, days off are always nice. work got me <bleep>ed up lately too so i feel you on that :c
how tf am i a senior when i feel like college just started yesterday?have so many friends yet i feel so alone smhi feel like it would be hard to have an interview with a language barrier but the host made it so fun i loved it :***me when i find a greeting card that's says exactly how i feel without wasting any words, then i flip over and see it cost $8.second thing i feel bad that i fell asleep when i actually told my brother to help me out..thank you for returun back that feeling to me, i feel alive everytime i talked to himim so out of the loop i feel like an old person. ive only been keeping up with drag racei feel like this would be your dogah thank you! i feel like they have a chance at winning and i hate itsocial media makes me so anxious! i feel so sorry for young kids growing up with instagram thinking that's what the girlslowkey want to ask stephanie for a happy birthday but i feel so weird and awkwardi feel completely comforted knowing rick perry will be the man directing the collapsed tunnel at the hanford washington nuci feel so weak latelycraving ice cream so hard i feel like a pregnant womanaw bbgirl i am so sorry i feel so badgod i feel like cancer i didn't mean to post thati feel that the best part of this is the excessive emoji use. i'm soldreally dunno how i feel about the ending of 13 reasons why. but i know that i feel really bad for ever being mean to someonei feel like we've all dropped the ball on this one. i know *i* just <bleep>umed he was a fan.slow hands is currently on repeat on my spotify and that's not going to change for a while i feel...if you know how i feel why would u say that? like you put me in such an uncomfortable situation like u know im not happy u know im trying -i sit behind their front desk until i feel like going on home and we peeped that homegirl was wearing a exo hat."ooh, i feel good now." -richard nixonseason of charmed so i feel youi think food dates are cliche i feel like that should be mandatory but you should add something extra make itat this point, going to sleep early doesn't even matter because i feel the same way everydayi feel like you dont need me anymore.lol "bubblegum <bleep>" i feel you bra. but this new wale just makes you wanna sit back and vibe be smoothi feel like straight death!i feel like god throws us tons of alley-oops but we miss the easy dunks. lol!my sisters cat thinks im his owner but i feel bad when i dont let him in my room so its partially my faulti feel attackedyes and i feel like your tweets be honest too. i respect ithonestly (and i feel bad for saying this) but it very much depends on who you are and what you do now...i feel like two jobs ain't enough.. i need a third source of incomeevery time i talk with my friends i feel my brain cells die and it feels sooooooooooo goodi feel like its more of a blessing cause i cant even fall asleep in class................. take that as you willi feel so sad bc i can't come to stockholm to the consert i hope u'll do new tour soonmother/daughter cry session i feel thisi feel like if you're a woman, and you're against feminism then you don't really know what feminism is lol but hey what do i knowyou're so wonderful i feel like i don't deserve you.i feel so weird knowing that my teachers know about my d*pression n other stuff umsometimes i feel like i don't have a family,but anyway it's cool,dropping this new joint tonight 21:00 stay alert #stollz rokay i made a good pun anyway i feel productive today byeenobody else can change how i feel about you. the only person that can mess up what we have, is you!as a member i feel sick contemplating we have signed russell packer. shameful act by ivan cleary.i feel bad for upcoming freshman for morehouse ... they don't know they not finna have visitation till like january 20thi fall back when i feel like i'm bothering you , annoying you , or <bleep>in' wit you way harder than you <bleep>in' wit me..i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel like my gf has been having secret conversations with y'all about me getting on the pole.i'm soo stressed about my exams i feel like i'm gonna <bleep> it i just want to make it to my summer break #btsbbmasme after the mc sections: i feel pretty confident about this. college board w the frqs: i feel pretty confident about thii feel like the dmv just hands out licenses at this point like man learn how to drive pleaseimagine how i feeli feel like crap todayi feel bad for his victims. us.i feel like buying myself something. ..but like i feel like i can't do anything else until ive finished im suddenly in a big doctor who holdsometimes i feel like i should be on my own for a bit, but at the same time that's the last thing i want?i vote for for top social artist #btsbbmas i feel so damn good when i listen to boyz with fun. hahaha new in the crew &lt;3sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 secondswords can't describe how blessed i feel. offically signed too southeastern university, hungry to win some national <bleep>les!!i just came out to my best friend i feel freelol!! that's how i feel right nowmy <bleep> off and on when i feel like itoh crap... now i feel terrible... delete tweet.... delete tweet! but even so she's still a beautiful girl... doesn't need botox #firstdates"i feel like i want to kill myself, but i'm afraid the cholesterol will do it first" -ash after a giant bowl of oil-pastawhen my eyebrows aren't done i feel like i look 500x worseman i'm so blessed .... i feel so blessed ...
going through my makeup and closet and getting rid of so much i feel so cleansed
i feel you
honestly i feel like everybody's feeling kinda lost... everybody knows it but nobody takes the time to talk
i feel u
because i feel like they would have known they didn't order anything and like... bring it over, so maybe i'm just overthinking it?
so hungry i feel like my stomach eating itself
i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
katie just posted a <bleep> on her ig. i feel disrespected.
lol i feel that
girl yes i feel this lmao but you did the thing
i feel like there's a joke here but i don't recognize that doujin so it's lost on me.
why do i feel like will be verified before mike...
yooooo i feel like every one is doing something this summer... so the dmv bout to really shine
uuuuh i feel like i just don't know you anymore
i feel like i can't even talk about what makes me uncomfortable anymore
i wanna upload but i feel like my vid will do <bleep>.. :/
i think it's disrespectful and classless to talk about "milfs." i feel like i'm in a boy's locker room. please stop.
matt harvey you <bleep>. i'm sorry. but that's how i feel. go 6 innings and 3 hits and maybe a run and i might retract.
i feel like my dreams last night were guest written/directed by a complete stranger. artful mf though.
.@bts_twt i feel like jin today, but what can i do? my fandom is the best and i'm voting for as top social arti
i feel like every guy has hear these these exact words at some point in life
i feel so etheral when my crush hypes the fck outta me like u so fine and the fact u think im fine? we go 2gether now
i'll get you feeling the feelings i feel inside of my head
take two photoshoot in two piece and allyuh wanna style everybody on here now. i feel yuh.
ugh i feel you! i had one for a week before
they're playing come clean by hillary duff in ralph's and i feel like im in an alternative universe??
i feel like the short hair really shows his age
noah fence i feel like crying i wanna see van again :(
just watched bst jap. version and i feel like my brain just exploded. and my eyes. and my heart. #btsbbmas #bstjapan
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
honestly at this point in the year, i feel accomplished if i just show up to all my classes
someone pls bring me a chocolate milkshake i feel like im going 2 die thx
i feel like animals can sense good bad people.
i feel awful. i offered at #sbuk3 to get a girls autograph off robert carlysle for her and id post it to her but i can
child enjoys forcing me to build towers and then knocking them down. i feel used
i haven't drank soda in a long time, drank me a pepsi and man i feel thick and sweaty lmao
i didn't even know aly i feel like crying.. i can't imagine losing my baby.
ayy i never walk alone from your hands, i feel your warmth ayy you never walk alone feel me, youre not alone either #btsbbma
i feel sick.
when can we expect to see on the real talk? i feel it's time for some real talk on the show. #18dec
i hope i feel better by saturday
i feel like he wouldn't be surprised, but at the same time j would go, "jen...what."
i feel myself changing for the better and i love it
it's weird, i feel like you tried to attach a picture, but i can't seem to see it.
i feel very empowered to get up and leave around 5. i also feel very real depression around 8:30 when i find out all the work i got after.
i feel bad because my mom is my bestfriend and deserves so much for mothers day
sometimes my feelings don't b hurt, i might just react cause i feel played. i still dgaf, but don't try to play me g
i feel like screaming from the top of my lungs
.@arzaylea honestly, you are so pathetic i feel bad for your parents because you've raised that way.
how many toes do you have? i feel like u r missing a few. be honest. because the internet never lies.
i've been checking the news and stuff for her area (there's nothing thank god) i feel sick i'm so worried
i feel like orange juice is under appreciated, orange juice i love you.
my legs are too short for a jeep.. i feel like i'm getting a whole work out
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
i feel like the old me is coming back
my plug texted me saying "hey its ur plug.... just ur plug bc that's all im ever gonna be to u" i feel so bad bc its true :/
i feel so good today. ??i feel a lil better nowleaving bonas tomorrow and i feel like i just moved in yesterdayi feel that as #thebestlfcfanontwitter people will want my views on coutinho leaving. i'd be gone like a shot if i was him. over ta spain.i feel mildly nauseous, to say the least.i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmasi feel like the bags underneath my eyes are about to be restored. i'm ending my night with poetryi actually got too excited omg i feel sorryi feel like i'm about to get really depressed againwhy do i feel like the world is mad at me todayi feel bad for people that follow me from other fandoms that are not broadway cause i mostly post about broadwayif you wanna know how i feel about you, you need to give me 24 hours notice so i can get the words right. deal with it idc.i hate when i like people, im not suppose to catch feelings.. g i feel like a ham <bleep> <bleep>the relief i feel knowing i have passed my essays, i can breath againi feel like most adults know their level of attractiveness. of course it isnt universal but there aren't dramatic swingi feel like the only reason kendrick been subdissing big sean was b/c sean had the better verse on #holykeyi feel like the most important words that a college student uses is "hit me, pay for my tuition"i feel so emo tired today and it's so hard to shake it off what givesmy nose is runny. me eyes itch. i feel hot af. and i can't stop sneezing.i feel really good about me trig test but knowing my luck and dumbass i probably failedi don't wanna give it attention but i just wanted to voice to u how i feelif i feel like you pushing me away ima let you !j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel really good about it!!!i feel it coming out my throat guess i better wash my mouth out with soapi tell you how i feel about you but you wanna say you don't believe mebruhi feel a sense of achievement whenever we chip it down to 80 % .... but then find new stuff to record !!i ready don't want to watch the alternative ending cus i feel like its going to be all badjackie thats how i feel when i see ya everydayat this point in my life i feel like <bleep> u gotta pay me if u wanna see mei feel betrayed -hyyh era is done- they said... well their last video begs to differ #btsbbmastbh i feel sad that fairy tail is ending but i feel happy and excited for a new start! cant wait to see my next otpsounds like moscow. i feel ya ((i feel bad for not having a car and making everyone always pick me up or come to my house loli feel for you, i been in the field for you, it's real for you .i feel like having some fire <bleep> food with my girl but she busy and not in the mood so next time or one day :/i legit just need my bed i feel like i haven't slept in so longi look the same i feel the <bleep>ing same. lost weight. #worthit?i feel like a new <bleep> personi feel like i won't be able to do anything without e.l.f. -sungmini feel how frank ocean feels in pt. 2 of nights.is anyone free to talk i feel like <bleep> !for the #bbmas top social artist award, my vote goes to #btsbbmas kiss me althought it hurt nad all i feel is the burni feel. i'm looking for another good cartoon to get intoi went grocery shopping bc i got so bored so i feel yasometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 secondsbut is it surprising? i feel nothing is surprising anymore at all.why do i feel like summer 2017 bout to be like a jersey shore type summer..i feel like there's a birthday today that i'm forgettingi feel sad for those who were not able to get this item for their collection. exclusives hurt the hobby.i vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist - i feel like something is missingi feel bad for wasting all the children during shower.i feel like humans would be a lot happier as a whole if money did not exist.i feel you so muchalong these 17 years of living, i feel like i'm missing bits pieces
i wanna tweet in caps lock forever but i feel obnoxious
i feel so crusty without my nails done
once i feel different about u, ur done
i feel like the chocolate syrup at the bottom of the cup that didn't quite make it into the chocolate milk
i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
i feel like im not that active lately and i apologise exam season and stuff yknow
i feel like a grandma loosing her dentures
i feel sick to my stomach
i feel bad about posting this in sats week, but bloody hell, this blows the whole foundation of the gps test apart. ht
i feel the same way lol
i feel this but i guess in my case it's *write lmao
i can honestly say i'm in a better mental state now that i feel constantly busy. too much time having nothing to do can
i feel like am not going to find anyone else that gets me like you did
i feel special
i feel strongly that universities should have designated spaces for crying, in the very common chance a student needs space for a quick cry
i feel guilty that as a soon-to-be peds resident, i can't do all the things i am supposed to advise patients to do... am i a hypocrite? 3/
i agree i feel so bad for him because he's so much better as a face imo.
i feel like sessions might not fully understand the spirit behind recusing oneself from an investigation.
i feel like everyone's relationship with their own brain and its quirks is their own unless it's harming others. zero
when people like shindou i feel like ive influenced it even a little cause who actually likes shindou ////sssss
i feel so unfulfilled :/
i feel like girls forget they should always be treated like a queen, after 4 months or 4 years nothing should change
every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...
everyone saying "oh he did this with my oppar/uknee so im happy!" yall hes homophobic, i feel sad for the lgbt+ commu
"because i feel overridden by guilt..."
i feel lika i have to marry my piano or smth to make hin proud again, im sorry i quit playing, ima good noodle
i feel <bleep>ty
it's sooo bad!! lmao i feel bad for simon
outgrowing people is real and i feel it happening
i feel so lonely tbh
there's so much going on right now. i feel in over my head.i should get some help to understand all of this and figure out what to do.
i feel like someone is sitting in my chest or they're strangling me. i can't breathe properly. blocked nose also. drowsy af too. mxm.
i feel like making fanart bc that's the only way for people to even look at my art but i love drawing my original characters
i feel like a proud mum when her baby learns for first time to walk . . . his firsts steps to snapchat #videolove on
at times i feel so disconnected... after a while i realized that was a blessing not a curse
i haven't talked to irene in a while i feel empty
i feel your pain love
sometimes i feel that all the kardashian women feel like they have to be in charge of
i feel like it's just me, look i feel like i can't breathe, look i feel like i can't sleep, look
i've been holding a newborn baby for about an hour now and i feel wonderful
"i feel sorry for you, i mean you are one of the drama crew which means you are target for last day of school" wow confidence booster jack
i feel like i should hug or something.
okay i'm totally not a book person but i feel the sass and coffee
man: "i've loved every minute of playing for this club. it means so much to me. i feel at home at this club and in this
i feel like i'm going to throw up. this is really not good. not going to speculate on the implications until i have time
after a wonderful #writing retreat weekend i feel a sufficient definition of 'retreat' is: to treat again. #writerslife
lol. the new podcasts will be called "call of the wild"..... not sure how i feel about that
me: jeez, why do i feel so awful and tired all the time? also me: ooohhhhh, right. my lifestyle.
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel bad now
,i feel your pain.
i feel like i'm gonna puke... .. ugh, i hate this, i wanna be home with doodle
maybe i don't cry, but i hurt maybe i won't say, but i feel maybe i don't show, but i care
i feel mildly nauseous.
at this point in my life i feel like <bleep> u gotta pay me if u wanna see me
if only you knew , how i feel when i open twitter and see your message of the day. i really need it. thank you
i don't buy material things unless i feel like it's made for me
i feel that 100 percent lol
who else here is a slow learner? i feel like i learn fairly quick but to be god level off the bat is questionable
i feel he's coming for hilary and obama with whoever he hires next for the fbi
i feel like im never on anymore
2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouraged
i made homemade falafel. i feel like there's nothing i can't do .i feel so bad for who ever marries me bc i have an active list of animals i want to get an i'm pretty sure half of them are illegali feel like this would beif you drink and drive, you deserve every single consequence imaginable for your moronic and ignorant decision. i feel no pity for you.after freaking out 20 times today i finally got so much resolved oh my goshhbbdnd i feel like a wizardi feel like headaches will be the death of mei feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmaswhere are all of my clothes omfg i feel like i've lost so many items of clothingwhen i'm with you, i feel like i'm a better person. i feel happier... less alone, less lonely.i will literally think myself into a bad mood. like my thoughts overtake me i feel like i have no controli feel it comingi can't even explain how i feel anymore, my thoughts are so messed up in my head that i don't even understand them.social media makes me so anxious! i feel so sorry for young kids growing up with instagram thinking that's what the girlsive done like.... 4 pre-sketches .... i have another 3 to do... i feel kinda sick... its only 11.15pm....i feel like going somewhere nice but where?i'm trying to keep everybody happy, but i just end up hurt, and lord knows i'm blessed, but sometimes i feel cursed. - kodak blackyaass. i feel like $tdoc was my first pick w/ no help. #investfoolishlywhy do i feel like starburst needs to be with and and their little girl? #teenmomog #freestarbursti feel likei feel like <bleep> what should i do ?!i feel so replaceablei feel like i could vomit.i keep eating because i feel so anxious this is badlol! i feel special now! bloodborne is such a masterpiece! its hard to explain.once i feel different about you, ya done.i feel so good.i feel so betrayed taylor ate the lasagna his mum made n i wanted somewe've had "arsenal of democracy" and the firing of comey in the space of an hour. i feel like i've entered an orwellian altei feel like doing my makeup i haven't done it in so longi feel like some sort of criminal, lacing my toddler's food with ground up veggies. #eatyoveggies #toddlerlife #momhackj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i sthere's a girl training here and i feel so bad for heri feel bad for lonzo ball, this man father don't stop talkingit's not emphasized enough how tall james comey is, i feel like that should be noted in every article about himi feel like a bag of <bleep>si'm usually good for a 3-6 mile run depending how energetic i feel.at this point in my life i feel like <bleep> u gotta pay me if u wanna see mewas wrong with me :( i feel sick really headache sick dammiti feel you... :(so decided to make every beautiful black man with beard i follow on ig public art.. idk how i feel about this!i feel sorry for anyone who finally decided to kick an addiction on november 7th.this tweet how i feel everydayi feel like i have a new mouth after leaving the dentistthe boys releasing their stuff, i feel like i'm getting my life backthese days its hard to meet women i feel like my love life is finishedlmao, i feel like i might snap any day now. just waiting on something to set me offi feel so crusty without my nails donei feel so etheral when my crush hypes the fck outta me like u so fine and the fact u think im fine? we go 2gether nowjust got my first reddit suspension. i feel like one of the cool/bad kids nowi'd like to thank the president for offering me the job of head of fbi. i feel well qualified and will do my best to servei feel myself changing. i don't laugh the same anymore, i don't smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired and menti'm very consistent when i take an interest in someone. i'm attentive and open. <bleep>, i'll show my thirst if that's how i fcall me crazy, but i feel like the iphone generic text tone sometimes sounds different. like sometimes it's more brief, more high pitchedi feel you baby.i feel tired even though i just woke upi feel the path of enlightenment opening up before me. in mere seconds i will reach a level of awareness far-i feel so usedi feel mildly nauseous.i feel so sick you guys
i feel like people reward blizzard like how a child comes home with straight cs and the parents lavish them with gifts.
i feel like if she were 32 and her friend were engaged to a 19 year old that would be a very obvious no.
"i feel like when i called you all my stress went away" aw
how i feel each time the other bts members try to ruin my already unstable bias list. not like i want a solution though #bt
when i'm with you, i feel like i'm a better person. i feel happier... less alone, less lonely.
i feel like the younger generation understand and accept mental health yet it's the older generations which keep up this stigma and judge
i have a really hard time relaxing because i feel like there's always something to do. college has ruined me.
that shower food , omg . i feel so much better
i feel like blasting wolf tones right now...
i feel so bad for the teens who get away with any and everything because once they open they eyes to reality it's gone s
"i feel all our names are linked. elizabeths will rule the world and grace the crown."
currently on the metro north and i feel like now is an appropriate time for a snowpiercer-like event and we just circle the globe endlessly
i feel lost.
i feel bad always picking between hailey house and emw on friday nights
i feel sick, all we ever hear about is hitler in our history books what about the english, the french the spanish etc smh
senioritis is nothing compared to this lack of motivation i feel spring quarter in college
oh yes girl i feel you! lmao
i voted for 2 but i like 1 too. i feel like 3 would be harder to maintain
i feel ya, it's like 90% of people are fake af
i feel like <bleep>
i feel more than a little nauseous.
i feel like a young george strait when i put my boots on
roll me up some dope den i feel like myself again
i feel like i'm drowning, i feel like i'm broken, my life is a battle. is there any way i'll ever be good enough...all
i feel like i'm already tired tomorrow
another great video!! personally i feel one of the gods from the highest mortals ranking is the strongest
sister was like "i feel i'm around to much negativity"...
every time i get lip balm it ends up missing in a week. i feel like she's the one taking em.
i feel like a bag of <bleep>s
had my first therapy session today and i feel so good about it.
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
i wanna tell you how i feel, but im scared. scared of being hurt again, scared of you not feeling the same and scared of
i feel empty again .
cabaas could've played in europe. i feel like he would've made the jump if it wasn't for the incident.
i'm so hungry. i feel like i haven't ate in days.
nghtwrks i feel like if it's a pisstake, they really need to make that way way clearer! it's been up for at least two weeks!
i could probably write an entire book just about how i feel about summer with snape maybe ill make a zine about it lol
as usual, miguel montero very honest here: "we can't take anything for granted. i feel like right now..(pause)...we do."
"if i feel played everybody gettin robbed"
while rapping and dancing on the stage i wanted so badly i feel yet alive i vote for the #bbmas top social art
why do i feel like i've been run over by a truck
whoever trying to ignore me i hope your friends will do the same like you do. then you feel the way i feel when y'all ignore me .
i should do an unfollowing spree or something i feel like everyone is annoyed and tired of me
i feel like i'm missing some context.
i feel like the hardest part of doing gods will is not always knowing exactly what god wants you to do
this just feels like a movie the hunger games i feel like i am part of the resistance
can we get those in different faiths, or lack there of? i feel secure as a christian, truth seems to be the brunt of slander.
i'm not sure what i did wrong by waking up today, but i feel terrible about it.
i feel like we're months away from living in bladerunner
i feel so weak sick today idk wtf going on
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
once i feel different about you, ya done.
i feel that
/ my activity is probably gonna drop tomorrow because i feel like literal <bleep> on the bottom of a shoe ... akskskdns
i might be wrong ,but i feel that people is wrong about comey. i feel we played into trump trap.
nice reply. in case puma is looking i feel u dawg
i feel bad for anyone that has to deal with me bc i'm so annoying and relate everything to taylor swift
i hate that i cry when i'm pissed i feel weak
maybe i should say it say what i feel say what is real say the future like it is today like it is always coursing through my
2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouraged
i feel like jin made a deal with tae and tae is the devil , then jin decided to cancel the deal so tae stabbed him??i feel you!i feel sick :(i feel so crusty without my nails donenobody understands how devious i feel.never drinking knowsleys wine again i feel angini feel like i'm watching an episode of homeland #comeyi feel like u can appreciate how funny this isi feel like watching a movie depicting space and astrology. thoughts??i feel too much or i feel emotionless, there's no in betweeni feel like i text back embarrassingly quickly lolfinally found a girl i feel gone b my next girlfriendchinese food ice cream for dinner. i feel alive todaysenioritis is nothing compared to this lack of motivation i feel spring quarter in collegei feel like we lack honor and don't respect anyone anymore.looooooool my mouth dropped, i feel terriblei feel this, i hope things get better for u from here on outsometimes i feel like we're in the twilight zone.and by political i mean partisan. i feel bad for the fbi agents who actually do their jobs and can't do anything because hands are tied.now i feel like watching a bollywood movie any requests guys.as do i, feel like there's a lot more chance of cp staying with the clippers than blake.hi calum, this message is for inform you that today i feel very miserable with myself.i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisliterally why do i feel like it's gonna end with it all being in her imagination and she's locked up in some hospital hti feel like my skin would be so nice if i didn't have discolorationseriously, i feel whatever the outcome of comey's firing will have in the long run , the truth will be lost.i feel like it's been raining two weeks straight. my joints are like steel spikescan't even read or be on my phone to much cause i feel dizzyits the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesat least i feel your touch, even if it is just when you walk on me"at this point it's the time i feel bad about being single."i feel like jules and vincent in pulp fiction after cleaning up the marvin cari think it was en vogue for a while in the early 2010s but i feel like we're all a little more aware now and just call them recsi want to adopt gary but i feel like he would try to kill mei feel so lonely sometimes loli feel like i am going way out of my way right now for a chick-fil-a sandwich...trading pieces of my heart til i feel shallowi feel sick yeetfr i feel like it already does that when i go over any bump loli feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni've had an annual pass for four years now so i feel xd i hope that works out for you!tweeting things about girls, love and what i feel in 140 characters or less. i follow back everyone followinga couple months back i started to feel mentally better, lmao what a joke i feel horrible than ever.i feel like normal people scream in scary movies while me jus cuss no <bleep>i feel so disconnected from politics right now. obama really spoiled me rotten in that respect.still banging this kendrick album i feel like the more i listen the more spiritual it's becoming tooi feel like they've done a good job doing "different/crazy" stuff (wedgie machine, <bleep> slapping, etc) loli feel like a good portion of hockey fans <bleep>umed the criteria for conc. spotting wasnt.. stupid. hence the outrage.i just realised i don't know where you're from? or your name even i feel badi really need to forget what i feel and remember what i deserve"i feel like coke is like the coffee of the soda world"i really don't find it easy letting people in. i feel a certain way when i talk about my feelings. like i'm giving a part of me away.sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 secondsi feel mildly nauseous.i wish you could understand the way i feel about you.i feel like i'm in a twilight zone episode at least once a week.they say street life make ya numb all i feel is pain doe....i feel so bad i'm bout to take her myselfi feel like if someone is <bleep> prone to having pneumonia they should be eligible for the shotmessed up! i feel so bad for her :/2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouragedi feel like crying.dont know how i feel anymore.. starting to question myself if i even want this to go any further
i feel weird tweeting in german. it'll probably the last time too
im not about that savage no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and things affec
i know .. like i'm super emotional bc i feel like time is running out and i'm not prepared
hung up to dry and i feel like i cant even breathe no focus
i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
how i feel each time the other bts members try to ruin my already unstable bias list. not like i want a solution though #bt
"if i feel played everybody gettin robbed"
i feel u
two days ago to my husband "can comey be fired bc i feel like he's going to." like what happens now? it's just too <bleep>ing transparent!
i feel down a lot hope you get over it
i feel like i'm watching a reality show that needs to be cancelled #comey
i hope you're right. i feel very nervous
i feel better when i make better music
i feel you, appreciate the reply though, i just needed a little more for h1 since it's sooooooo optimized.
i made those things for a little and g that i loved, and for a fam that i rebuilt. i feel extremely disrespected as an alum and very hurt.
i feel like i'm too loyal for my own good. like caring about mfs who don't even deserve it will be my downfall.
ya really don't understand how i feel about my chapter.
i feel so etheral when my crush hypes the fck outta me like u so fine and the fact u think im fine? we go 2gether now
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
just finished lifting weights and i feel great. i just love exercising.
in 2014, i will keep refreshing twitter un|il i feel chole as a person.
i feel like i compliment pretty people too often and it makes me look like a <bleep> lmaoo
i feel like you can lose to anyone on crash/backlot nowadays
i'm taking a vacation like two hours north and i feel like jerry from parks and rec because i'm still so stoked about i t
i feel ded
i feel bad for women who go after <bleep>boys and tweet "all men are trash".
i feel like if u ain't from chicago you don't know how to drive...
same way i feel about the track bro..
i feel so lonely tbh
i feel terrible when i just be ignoring people lol. i genuinely look at my phone to see who it is then i continue studying lol
- it's crazy how many people won't be able to tell there mom happy mother's day , i feel kind of bad
man i feel like his best songs was with my <bleep> no <bleep>
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
i feel like we're living in a bouncy house!
since die antwoord is soon to be no more, i feel like i absolutely have to see them for the last time when they're in kc this summer.
it always baffles me how some people can admire me/ my art .. xd like i feel like a potato o-o...
twelve and suddenly i feel so afraid of the void i vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmas
i feel like the jury should give points at the same time as the public. australia would've been out.
i feel like we're having a nationwide earthquake
i feel like i haven't said this in a while but i love taekwoon so much
i feel so sorry for girls who can't get away from toxic, cheating guys.
why do i feel like there's always a catch to your stories
i feel more at home when i'm with you!
i feel like water solves all problems. wanna lose weight? drink water .. clear face ? drink water.. tired of your man? dro
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i feel we should shorten #potus to #pos.
i feel like it would make the hammaconda look like a renaissance sculpture <bleep>.
whenever i feel self accomplished i think back to when i was 10 and taught my cat to play fetch, i hit my peak early
im not about that savage no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and things affect me. rns.
i feel so enlightened
i feel myself becoming less important to people as every single day passes
i vote for #btsbbmas top social artist award no words to explain how i feel
i feel u sis..... i put some much thought and creativity into my work it lowkey hurts but you have to stay positive....
i feel like my heads gunna explode my headache is that bad
i feel better when i'm tan
i only cheat when i feel unwanted .
i just dropped a stack at the vet and idk how i feel about being a mom anymore
i feel mildly nauseous.
i feel like a new person every time i change my state of mind and remind myself what's really importanti feel slightly nauseous.i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmasi feel like <bleep>tti feel like i keep saying this: republicans, this is your last chance to clean up the mess you made. act now or your party iharry gotta stop being a cute <bleep> <bleep> lol i feel like i'm in 6th grade againi feel like i'm gonna be flat chested w/ no <bleep> when i come from bootcampi feel like we're looking at the rise of a dictatorship #trumprussiai feel that ha.its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesif you haitian i feel like you should automatically know how to dance haitian musici feel like i'll always have an urge to move. it's excitingi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.i feel like if i can use excel, i can do anything lolbecause in her arms i feel relievedsam thinks it's you guys, i feel like you guys wouldn'ti feel like big sean is a great bfi feel so wifey rn. i'm tanning while nick mows the lawn and every time he goes by me i princess wave at himi feel like steve aoki is just a guy that pretended to be a dj to meet famous people and now he's stuck with the music thing.ughhghfhu i feel thisi love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.something really good is coming soon. i feel iti feel so <bleep>ing amazing and relaxed rnwe'll live a moment like this on may 21, i know it, i feel it, bts owns 2017 and nobody can tell me otherwise. i vote foi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel as though if bighit made a novel series of the mvs explanation or fictional stories, a lot of fans would pay for it.why do i feel guilty?i feel like i got my <bleep> in the sand and i don't want to move with a scowl on my face. like someone's playing with my plans for me.if i were the #fakepotus i'd pull a nixon resign! i feel like it must be an april fool's day joke!you are worth all of my time! (i feel the same tbh)lol i feel like such a mug wowi feel like work went by sooooo slow todayugh! i feel like they should know not to leave it there!at this point, i feel like this is the kingdom hearts universe, the door to darkness in this world has been opened, andi feel for the reporters in dc bureaus who were going home or getting ready to do so when the #comey news hit.i feel like i just can't get it right :/i feel you, most ppl just need that one gameme after the mc sections: i feel pretty confident about this. college board w the frqs: i feel pretty confident about thii might deactivate or delete twitter again because i feel like all im doing is making myself more sadomgee i feel asleep driving i was having a whole dream type sleepi've been sleeping so much lately, but i can't complain cause i'm saving so much money an i feel amazing when i wake up.i don't know how i feel about this new snapchat update..although i feel it was a missed opportunity for the internet connected <bleep> to not be called <bleep>biti didn't have time to watch bst japanese ver. but now that i have i feel a vast range of emotions and i don't know what to thinki feel like my grades are a true representation of myself... unpredictable.i feel like there isn't that much of a tasteget a few of those kelly slater wave pools and you'll make a fortune i feel. all that sun, lakes and sand already there!well, i feel like i'm dying i vote for for #btsbbmas... i feel like im waiting on something that isnt going to happenthat's why i feel like the only one who's gunna actually make it make it from gbc is lil peep, cause everyone's tryna enjoy the lifestyle
i wanna tweet in caps lock forever but i feel obnoxious
im not suicidal. but i feel myself going toward that track again...and im scared. im really, really scared.
i feel like ppl respect me more when i have a neckbeard. i know they do actually. i can tell. #tuesdaythoughts
i feel u
once i feel different about u, ur done
every time i get a haircut i feel like a new man.... it's so weird
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
i feel like i keep saying this: republicans, this is your last chance to clean up the mess you made. act now or your party i
i feel racially discriminated as my family were given a 5 min warning to be in the garden at frame park.
the anxiety los and i still get watching the eliminations on #dwts is . i feel for y'all!
i feel like i lost something real today, but you truly can't lose something you never had to begin with.
hahahaha i feel you sis. thirsty hoes.
i feel like is a robot. is she a robot?
i feel you
why do i feel like i'm living an episode of 24; wtf. #twighlightzone #comey
had so much codeine that i want to claw my skin clean aff but at the same time i feel class
im trying hard to be happy and it's not working... i'll be off twitter i feel really really <bleep>ty will respond to dms based on mood
i'll say what i feel an i'll never regret it
i feel more and more hated literally everyday
i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.
every time i feel like i'm almost there; i find out, i got a long way to go...
i feel like i'm all over the place.... can't focus tonight
awww it is hard to leave a friend behind especially leaving them with someone else i feel your worries #lana_rain
this is so scary i hate this i hate feeling like this i feel like im goingt o throw up
i feel as if i'm completely betraying sen by not getting myself help and support when he tells me to. i feel like i'm using and abusing him
people cant comprehend how good camila is. therefore they make up all these <bleep> instead of really getting to know her.
i feel summer creepin in and i'm tired of this town againnn
i feel a quarter-life crisis coming on.
same way i feel about the track bro..
i feel bad equating oil with joy, but i can't deny that there's a connection.
let's begin this is war oh, to see you pleased with some one else earnest love that is sin i will show how i feel
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
melting by kali uchis is how i feel about oomf
i feel like a bag of <bleep>s
i'm waking up, i feel it in my bonesenough to make my systems blow
i feel like this summer will be one for the books
whoa! i feel disrespected here. i'm sure you didn't mean to since you're all about respect and what not.
i feel like 45 is just making <bleep> up as he goes along.
i feel sooo disrespected i swear that's the worst mood to see me in
no offense but i feel like i'm going home to my people yo this <bleep> feel so good, i get to finally be a working artist
i feel like we are living in the season of 24 with the evil president. how did jack bauer get out of this one again?
jere is gonna be hulk because i feel his anger growing as this thread builds
ya really don't understand how i feel about my chapter.
why do i feel like the fact you're not following anyone anymore is either a glitch or something to do with gishwhes...
i feel pretty bad today (mostly bcus of stomach problems) but my mom got me gingersnap cookies so really its not all that bad
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i hate when i feel like i'm being ignored
this question is more appropriate and it's unfortunate that i feel as though there isn't an answer :,))))
damn i feel the tingles alredy
i feel like the creative ppl are always the 1's who get cracked on by people who look the same as everyone else who later co
i feel so sad for her. how alone she must have felt.
i've never let my phone battery get below 30%. i feel like a <bleep>in boy scout. where's my conserves cell battery badge?
i'm forced to deal with what i feel, there is no distraction to mask what is real #topbbmas
loyal to the west i feel you, 50 had me throw away my ja albums so i was obviously brainwashed
every day i'm at work and unable to check the news, i feel like i'm trapped in a time capsule. i step out and the whole world has changed.
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
last concert tonight and idk how i feel
i can truly say my man makes me who i am. hes a part of me. i feel like ive known him my whole life. soulmates are real. im t
i know i feel terrible
it's weird trying to force myself to be attracted to people cause i feel lonely
taste lagu aku mybe tak ikut zaman. its ok, am not into any trend. i listen in what i feel to
i feel u but never
i cant deal with simple human interaction lately i feel like a maniaci feel like i'm going through something rough but i don't know what. it's bizarre but its affecting my mood so much.the word "sad" doesn't really describe what i feel anymore because i feel much more than just sadok, i feel like i may have been judging people and being rude to others for no reason. what do you guys think? *leave honest responses*i feel we've hit the point where it bears repeating until people get it through their thick skullsi feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmasi'm making liv watch it's always sunny for the first time ever right now, and once again i feel like a proud mom.i feel like a commoner. i'm drinking tap waternobody understands how informed i feel.i feel like <bleep>, i need to look at my tatts and listen.1st i feel afraid then i feel sick...then i get angry. we will not surrenderkehlani concert got cancelled. she's sooo sick. i feel so bad and so sad because i might not be able to see her again #sssi feel great about myself again. no bad thoughts, no one to bring me down, and i'm exactly where god has needed me to be.writting is my meditation cuz sometimes i truly dont be knowing how to make sense of things till i write how i feel about itdreamless is just 1/8 usage, that only makes it unique. kaiko is map on which i feel that i am proud of being fruit catcher.i feel like you're in my lap when i hear your voice.damn i feel goodi can be goofy, nasty, a sweetheart, a savage, an <bleep>hole, sarcastic, or whatever mood i feel like at the momenti think i feel better now?i feel sick like i was awaiting the actual moment of the death not that.just took it and now i feel very deserving for those 100 wingseverytime i feel like im struggling, god always gives me small blessings to reassure me that he has my back!!i feel inspiredi feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.but i don't wanna be a pens fan. i feel like that's so predictable of someone who grew up near pittsburghi feel like people really don't understand what we go through...and it's not fairi wanna tweet in caps lock forever but i feel obnoxiousi feel like i'm going to throw up. this is really not good. not going to speculate on the implications until i have timei feel cute as <bleep>i have 2 gym memberships now because they couldnt cancel one now i feel like i have to go to both or i'll be losing money. wtf man.i feel like i *just* posted about this but if anyone can get me a job in atlanta or remotely that pays more than $22k/yi feel so lonelywe'll live a moment like this on may 21, i know it, i feel it, bts owns 2017 and nobody can tell me otherwise. i vote foi feel so childish cuz i want one of those fidget spinner things lol.i do can't tell how much i luv ya guys!! it's kinda crazy but i feel it honest!! luv can't say by word!! luv ya army!!i feel like 'snakes don't hiss' is a saying they we'll all use when we're old and younger people won't ever get where it came fromthe worst part is, as an american, i feel completely powerless to change what's happening in our government.this is november 8th all over again. i feel sick. #comeyfiringi feel you bae prepara o cypher #btsbbmasnever forget the day fbi director comey held press conference on fbi findings to crooked hillary email investigation ~ i feel better nowi don't know why i feel so empty todayhope i feel like this forevri think too much, i see too much, i feel too much, but i speak so little.women are so strong. i feel like people forget that.i feel bad. this is my vote for for the #btsbbmas for top social artist award.i feel like i'm rewatching the last three weeks of my life and commentating / <bleep>yzing.will the investigation go any further? i feel so defeated by this buffoon. how does he keep getting away with this!i love it, but hate it cause i feel like i'm not doing it right....i feel like i've been drunk everyday since i turned 18 n it's really badright on, i feel yai feel sick to my stomach #comeyi feel like i falling way behind this season of president orangei'm all for it, but isn't there anything sooner? i feel like we need to respond... now.i feel that the team controversy with [plawecki] regarding [rallydildo] could've been handled better.i feel god in this chilis tonighti feel like a zombie when i wake upi feel like i'm about to be sick!!have to keep my tv on silent because there's a wasp inside my wall buzzin around and it's freaking me out i feel like it's about to attackthis sums up how i feel about the firing of fbi director james comey - #notmypresident #resisti'm very consistent when i take an interest in someone. i'm attentive and open. <bleep>, i'll show my thirst if that's how i fi feel better when i'm tani'm embarrassed of you too bad i feel the same about too.i feel so happy today and i don't know why but i'm loving itsometimes i love my utau and then other times i feel like i'd sell her to satan for one corn chipi feel like they might add new weapons into bo3 in about an hour. i hope so \_()_/i feel like made a snapchat yesterday but i see nuthin.optic pre game talk: mixwell: "tarik will top frag today i feel it" tarik: "i just wish i don't bottom frag" jason: "aiming to
how if you feelin vro? feelin like the four i feel fantastic
i feel excited like an obese fat kid knowing he's about to enter a chocolate factory
i'm not into <bleep>ual <bleep> but i feel like x y - coldplay would be a great song to <bleep> to. i do. i really, really do.
i feel like i keep saying this: republicans, this is your last chance to clean up the mess you made. act now or your party i
i feel so tired. i'm probably gonna go to bed early tonight. goodnight.
just translated a whole convo i feel accomplished
i feel loved, thank u sm ily !!
wow i feel so attacked rn
there are times i feel like givin' in there are times i begin to begin again #foofighters
this channel is soon going to have skits, gaming, and other random vids that i feel like making.
i feel like the riverdale cast greet u at hell
sometimes i feel like i'm incapable of love because if anyone hurts me i'll just hurt them much worse
i feel bad for parents we hide so much from them...i pray my child isn't afraid to come to me about anything at all
i feel like posting some of my drafts. remember - these are the tweets that didn't make it. do not judge me. these are rejec
i feel like a no-hitter is coming for the mets tonight
wifi wasn't working for 7hrs. i have no words to explain how i feel.
i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.
for some odd reason i feel compelled to hold onto you
i feel so bad for
supposed to be writing an essay for my major . why i feel like i just wrote a medical school personal statement
i feel you man.
hahaha i feel that! hit my line!
if youre having bureau problems i feel bad for you son, i got 99 problems but james comey ain't one
and blessins' junior year!!!!!!!!! hahahahah how did this happen i feel like i'm still 12
i feel like a spoiled brat when <bleep> isn't available for me. i gotta get it together.
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
coach bought out kate spade and idont know how i feel about it
sometimes i feel spoiled af. i don't get many free things but i always have the choices between derbs herbs edierbs
omg that is my actual name..... i feel blessed rn
i feel your pain
"i need to go to urgent care. i feel like i'm dying." *says this as i sip starbucks and eat sour patch kids*
i feel something so right doing the wrong thing,i feel something so wrong doing the right thing
everyday i feel more blessed to be alive
i feel like embracing anyone on this bus might land me in jail...
but like i feel people get offended if they're meal doesn't have meat in it or something like wtf??
i hate how i feel when i see you with her.
someone just walked past me and sneezed and i didn't say god bless you i feel terrible #minnesotaguilt
hello i just watched bst jpn ver i feel like i just had a psychedelic episode
okay but cassey aka blogilates is coming today so i feel better
me: i feel like i annoy u person: *reassures me i dont annoy them* me: waddup my name's jared im 19 and i never learned h
me trying to express how i feel: idk i just feel like...idk...idk...idk man. nvm i'm good.
i rly like that bc i feel like a lot of characterisation
i feel so cool i have the same shoes as you!
i feel like im the only person who thinks that kissing is so intimate...like more intimate than <bleep>
no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feel
thanks i feel better now lol
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
stop thats how i feel about u
i feel bad for fans who were hoping for better, but really crappy translations getting extremely unenthusiastic dubs brings me
i feel like everyone is acting really off with me...and i don't know why... what have i done?
yeah. i feel like it's just a marketing tactic to hype everyone up
if i feel like i'm trying too hard, i'm a burden or annoying.... over anything then i will fall back.
need to go walk for an hour but after cleaning tf outta syrus's nursery and doing all his laundry i feel like i need 6 naps.
man one mf posted "i feel like floyd in this may weather" now they all posting iti know she planned that tweet tho th
2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouraged
i've heard it but like ?? so many people ?? saying the same thing ?? to one person ?? i feel like there's a glitch in the matrixi feel so bad for people who go to nj beaches.. lmao y'all are missing outi feel like i'm going to take an l on my spanish final whether i study or noti feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmasi am in the literal opposite mood from flirting. i have a fever and i feel completely miserable. so it's grating.i feel like hittingi feel like everytime i take a step forward i take two steps backi feel like, after everything that's happened in the last few months, the new season of house of cards is going to be disappointingly dull.idk how i feel about this, what do you think?may have accidentally thrown my sisters dogs frisbee over the neighbors fence so now she's crying at the fence and i feei feel as though <bleep>es shouldn't throw shade if she don't wanna fight wat y'all think????i feel like i'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen... #qoutes #loveqoutes #sayingsi feel like someone will always be mad as long as you doin good, feel me?i feel like in real life if anyone pulled what ezra pulled in the engagement that engagement would be over #plli feel bad for aria :/lmao i feel u what a throwbacki feel and look grossi don't know how i feel about this sens performance so far. i'll feel secure if they can put away a few more. #allin #sensi feel like i'm too loyal for my own good. like caring about mfs who don't even deserve it will be my downfall.may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.i feel like crap ugh i did so bad on my calc exam and i feel so sicki was just trying to eat an apple without getting it stuck in my teeth and i feel so attacked rni feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.i will lash tf out when i feel slightedat this point, going to sleep early doesn't even matter because i feel the same way everydayi feel you, i was pretty busy today thoughwe'll live a moment like this on may 21, i know it, i feel it, bts owns 2017 and nobody can tell me otherwise. i vote foi may have bad days, but i feel more free than i ever have - and that says a lot. it's liberating, yknow? to finally break your shackles.i feel like <bleep> but someone's always gotta make me feel worse:))))))))i feel like having a late night calli get so overwhelmed seeing him smile so big that his eyes crinkle like that i feel so unworthy to set my eyes upon someonkylo ren: forgive me. i feel it again... the call from light. supreme leader senses it. show me again the power of the darkness.i feel like people only praise the lord on sunday and that's not okay because he deserves our praise everydayi feel handicapped without my caryo, i can't sing good. i feel like singin'. i wanna <bleep>in' sing.2 much effort if you ask me. i feel like if she has her snap on tinder she is taking it way too seriouslywhen i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave mei dont judge. i just say what i feel.thinkin about getting a paper cutter so i don't have to do everything by hand it'd be faster but somehow i feel a bit soul <bleep>ingim honestly the most confused ive ever been i feel like i walked into a new roomi feel the same way its like canelo means more to boxing but ggg beats him then fights ward that be greatit's okay i feel it"i feel like a stripper"i feel you 1k on it.. can't get over this.i feel like i'm currently talking to the single one right now on snapchatyou dont have to, i feel itwell, it's early. i feel a big comeback tonight.yes but if we jump straight to free heath care now i feel like we wouldn't be ready for itevery day i wake up to news like this i feel like starting drinking.i feel so sad and i don't even personally know himi feel like my world is <bleep>ing crashing down on mei feel like i need a harry potter movie marathon.living in manhattan does not mean you have nice apartment lawd i feel like i'm in a hole in the walli feel like goldie everyday, i think im living the macksometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 secondsi feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing mewho i am is complicated. what i feel is simple.i feel completely politically orphaned. i used to align more with the left when they valued truth and progress, but they si feel deeply and maybe thats my problemi feel like i'm about to die manhaven't watched the new season yet bc i feel like it's too soon2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouragedi feel like a new person every time i change my state of mind and remind myself what's really important
i feel like i'm the only one who isn't done with finals
optic pre game talk: mixwell: "tarik will top frag today i feel it" tarik: "i just wish i don't bottom frag" jason: "aiming to
i feel u
i have a long day tomorrow. trying to decide if i want to just get up earlier and get my work out done guess i'll see how i feel then
i really have not been my self the past week and i don't like it. i feel like i lost the other half of me.
ay why am i not famous yet?.. i feel like i should be fam.
i feel like my best self after watching hgtv for 6+ hours tbh
yep! i'm a full time mom student and self-employed and i feel so lucky :) #stapleslovesgirlstarter
this season is almost over and i feel like it didnt event start until last week
also: i misspelled steven page's name and for that i feel bad.
i feel so bad for the teens who get away with any and everything because once they open they eyes to reality it's gone s
i feel this so hard, i was at the club once and i was like wow i really wanna die lol
maybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i care. #mbsummersunshine
i feel like <bleep>s need to come in my life wit they <bleep> together .. i don't got time to teach y'all right from wrong
i feel fortunate to be in a position to help some overcome religion. a lovely note-last line:"now we have no religion and we
i feel like posting some of my drafts. remember - these are the tweets that didn't make it. do not judge me. these are rejec
words are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you #aldubxdtbypordalab
if you don't love joey votto, i feel bad for you. dudes on his way to being a hof'er
i feel like this is important. bc there is a nuance in scientific discovery that isn't fully appreciated sometimes (im
i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.
ive been offline most of the day. honestly i feel like i'm in the twilight zone whenever i check anything w/@realdonaldtrump as president
yea i feel you its kinda annoying
lmfao right. i feel like they used lex luther who is one of the best villians poorly and ww poorly
i love you because i know youre always there, there to catch me when i fall, there to listen when i need you, there when i
on one hand i feel like i missed something and on the other hand i kinda don't care #trashtue
i feel like choking you jaan it's all loooooooove
i feel that way to
you know how knocked loose sounds? that's how i feel today.
we'll live a moment like this on may 21, i know it, i feel it, bts owns 2017 and nobody can tell me otherwise. i vote fo
i dont judge. i just say what i feel.
i feel so confident in this geo test... let's hope i'm right
i feel like a million bucks a churning mass of antlers and rolling eyes pouring through the forest at night like a great
sometimes i forget army squad in my tweets and i feel so fool i vote for for the top social artist awards #bt
i feel like all my tweets are really random or about food. whoops.
i feel like my mom thinks im a lesbian or something because i was drawing two girls she doesn't know
i feel like tonight will be extra special. #seeyallthere
ahhh. okay. i feel slightly less stupid now..
the more i watch #prisonbreak the more i feel sorry for bellick
i feel like something is missing
i changed my oil today and i feel like an adult
we went to nihonbashi yesterday for her job. i feel excited to the thing. just like a journey
once again i feel the need to remind people: amy santiago could step on me
i actually really like lady gaga's new song, what is happening i feel so conflicted
when was the last time trump did something public? i feel like he's been hiding.
my dad made my favorite kind of rice but i feel kind of sick
im going to die as alone as i feel right now.
someone just complimented me on my positive energy and i feel like my life has been made
there was a lot of blood, sweat, confusion screaming but i did it i feel like i can do anything now tbh
i feel sorry for you to live in the dark. seriously wake up.
i feel like i'm drowning 24/7, but around her i can breathe.
i feel so much better. please open up to people
i'll have 2wait c how i feel in the next few days 2c if this is going 2 work
and that's why i feel hopeless.
i feel myself becoming less important to people as every single day passes
i feel you demasiado
dear jromen idk what you want me to say i've alwaysbeen listening i hear you i feel you this is the last chance for a relations
i feel really odd rn
and i feel bad for complaining about it on social media
i feel like i'm not gonna like **** *****
i feel like throwing up rip
such great talent on but my guy and my votes are with the one who i feel will endure as a mega star!
i communicate in regular show gifs when possible. or 2pac quotes. i feel ya. or rather, i ain't mad at ya.
i feel robbed of my college experience. i didn't meet one dope <bleep> i could see myself talking to 1oyrs out.
there's legit nothing i'm doing now that i feel is not good enough. i'm happy with who i'm becoming for the most part
#sdlive kicks off with orton opening i feel like he's kinda lack luster so far as champion it's only been a month but wyatt
i want to be popular, but at the same time when too many people crowd me at a lunch table i feel like curling up in a ball and crying...
i feel bad for anyone who's stuck in traffic in the freeway
#ted i feel like is sneaky #pll
if i trip on my dude it's because i feel disrespected not jealous
man i feel that brodamn rip <bleep> i feel some type of way about this. so bummednobody understands how pensive i feel.i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmasi feel like i keep saying this: republicans, this is your last chance to clean up the mess you made. act now or your party iwait is it actually sydney cause i feel like it's not #pllendgame #prettylittleliarssiri: sorry, i'm not sure what you said poet: i said why do i feel omnipotent helpless at the same timemorgana: i feel so useless... is it because you're my glorified after battle healing monkeythat was the least comforting thing i've ever been told so now i'm angry and laughing at how bad that was and suddenly i feel betteri feel like a <bleep> just looking at that accountthat's fr how i feel walking ini feel like weve moved a wee bit past march for truth and could use some full on impeach this <bleep>i feel like deathi feel like jackson would be peyton but i haven't seen oth in years so don't trust thati feel like watching scott pilgrim vs. the world :/i feel fortunate to be in a position to help some overcome religion. a lovely note-last line:"now we have no religion and wedamn? i feel like arrow has said it once or twice.i feel like all my plans are constantly getting cancelledi feel like posting some of my drafts. remember - these are the tweets that didn't make it. do not judge me. these are rejeci feel like this daily. you're not alone, jennie! and, for what it's worth, i think you are an amazing mom.i feel the chemicals burn in my bloodstream #lpmiaw #mtvvideoego #mtvartarlali #mtvexpoplali #mtvinstaarlali #premiosmtvmiawhave a great day and you know how i feel. not ready to say goodbye yet. see you soon. lmovements are often hindered by complicated messaging and competing interests but i feel like impeach this <bleep> ii feel like <bleep>i feel like jan from "it's always russia russia russia! uhhh! russiai do not know how i feel about this.i feel like maybe i should play dragon's dogma or something. idk.i've been so excited these past few weeks counting down to my last day of high school and now that it's here i feel like mlmfaoo word i feel ur pain tho godlywhen i hear kellyanne conway talk i feel like i'm a child and she's a teacher who think i plagiarized my homework because i ua2. i feel like i'm using my work (writing) to serve a greater purpose, and i happen to love it, so i wantmy dog literally just coughed up a hair ball of my hair... i feel so bad for her omfgpeople callin for you to retire? sounds like keyboard warriors. i feel like you're maybe halfway through a careerlike and retweet this if you are a khh stan so people can find more mutuals! i feel like this would be good for us!never know what i want til i arrive at it never know what i feel til i would die for iti feel very confident about my ap exams,,,it's so weird and makes me feel uneasy,,,i'm not gonna score credit but i think i will but notomorrow makes a month with no heat in my hair and i feel like its been yearsits the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbieswatchin this dude savagely eat pringles posted out in front of the walmart, i feel you man. daps.i feel like more ppl are active when i'm at school lol #topbbmashow can i feel this good #sober #pinki feel like doing a time lapse of me doing my makeup but it would be one hot messi feel like hes just driving through l.a. and the media is hoping it turns into oj for the sake of tv programmii feel like everything good about me comes from herwhen i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave mei feel ancientaw i feel bad who said yesit isn't normal how guilty i feel. it isn't normal how often i wish i could just disappear. idk what to do.i'll always come first and i have to keep that in mind always. especially now that i feel so lost.i can't sugarcoat the answer for you, this is how i feel: if somebody kill my dog, that mean somebody gettin' killed hlol i feel like everyone's tired of seeing it on my storyi feel like it's such a letdown every time i'm still here!you're right. i feel like striking you.i feel fat.i second this.. i feel the bread is just too much, masks the texture of the chicken tenderi feel gross af. i want to go home and shower and not look at my final math grade.i'm very consistent when i take an interest in someone. i'm attentive and open. <bleep>, i'll show my thirst if that's how i fi'm on the come up on some rs, i feel sorry for everyone that <bleep>ed up and started moving waste in my lifei feel better when i'm tani showed the bartender my id for my bday beer and she didn't notice the date i guess cuz she gave me the bill? i feel rly uncomf lolmy nickname the gym is track star and i feel pretty damn proudreleased again to go cnn?same stupid smirk same dishonest answers. you are ridiculous. i feel sorry for your familydamn rip <bleep>, damn i feel like he was the homiebloody fashion police lool dunno how i feel about them. #sdlivebutnotlive? #sdlive #firejbli don't have anyone. or at least i feel like i don't and i'm sure it makes my friends sad.i hate talkin in circles and repeating myself... if i feel he convo not goin anywhere i just won't respondi feel like cheating on my crushi feel you, you know im cool with you..just let your boys know what i said
damn rip <bleep> i feel some type of way about this. so bummed
exactly i feel like i gotta watch it from the first season again
i feel like..... alien is my favorite movie
i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
without you here i feel so cold.
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
i'm standing in front of you, hoping that you'll not notice how vulnerable i feel right now.
i'm stressed because i'm not stressed and i feel like i should be stressed but there's nothing to stress about now that it
every day i feel stressed out or anxious
boy: hi me: i feel like you lying but ok
if you're friends with dante still hasn't dropped yall already know who i feel like an old woman but also im gonna cry it hurts
omg it woooont hnnng i feel like my a/n confused ppl but it will be updated this weekend
and i feel like i just died and this is heaven
hate wen i feel like a mf playing w me..
i'm either annoyed or i feel annoying : - )
to the lady who just cussed me out in drive thru i feel sorry that you feel the need to be a <bleep> and ruin everyone else day
-it's another way of saying i'm... boring? not to them, but to myself? idk, i feel like i'm showing only 20% of who i really am.
dog: *kicks me in his sleep* me: me: i feel attacked
i'm so happy for mcgee i feel like such a proud parent lol #ncis
i feel so bad for tom he doesn't deserve this
i feel like the 18th one piece op tbh
all negative energy is out of my life rn i feel so good
since wizards fans are constantly in kyrie arguments, i feel like they are the only ones who understand kyrie's impact oth
how i feel when i see john going to prom with another girl
i know i feel like i'm watching blood fill the halls of government.
i fixed my ratio i feel so clean
i feel bad for comey though. he got played hard by trump
i feel like people who say the counting crows are their favorite band, can't <bleep> until they suffocate a kitten in a
i don't know what's going on with me today but i feel down man....
when i hear kellyanne conway talk i feel like i'm a child and she's a teacher who think i plagiarized my homework because i u
every time i come home i feel like san diego has just been a distant dream that never happened
i have two days of actual instruction left but i feel no motivation to get any of my <bleep> done
we'll live a moment like this on may 21, i know it, i feel it, bts owns 2017 and nobody can tell me otherwise. i vote fo
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
i feel like if you have to go into the woods to smoke you shouldn't be smoking lol
i'm going to snap soon and i feel bad for whoever gets it
i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.
hey i feel honored you made me your bio pic
i feel more and more hated literally everyday
sometimes i feel like i'm watching new episodes of braindead.
i feel something bigger than life is happenning utd.is it possible we can dominate europe
like i have some money but i feel broke
i feel you on this also
i feel like a missing kdrama soul not being able to watch the dubbed version of goblin. waking up early is torture #g
lmaoo i feel you! i live off them <bleep> loads of coffee
i feel like i'm super picky when it comes to guys.. i know exactly what i want
and just like that. aaaaaall i breathe. aaaaaaaaaall i feel. you are aaaaall for me. i'm in. ~
i want a friendship like the guys in that's 70's show, they're always making fun of each other and i feel like that builds bon
i feel the same way
sometimes i feel nothing...sometimes i feel everything, all at once.
oh my goodnessi feel very bad 4 u!ur on meds right?
girllllll i feel you.. should never have to tell that person to put their effort in.
i can't sugarcoat the answer for you, this is how i feel: if somebody kill my dog, that mean somebody gettin' killed h
i feel you. kung sayo tatay, try my whole family.
i can kill people so easily. why then dont i feel sad? - kirika yuumura
people of color talking to people of color about books about people of color. i feel alive right now.
i feel like kicking someone in the nuts! &lt;3
if i feel disrespected i'm stuck with that energy #moresavage
im blem for real i might just say how i feel
i feel bad for phillies if he is.
im blem foreal i might just say how i feel
i feel u b #teamblake n #teamgwen hve strongest #teams ths yr
i feel like lucas and i should always wear matching clothes since we're twins lol
outta body that's just how i feel when im around you shawty
sometimes i feel like i'm behind rn and should be doing more but then remind myself that my life is just starting and i go a
the feeling people get when they leave their college friends for the summer is the same feeling i feel on a sunday leaving my sisters
i vote as top social artist at #btsbbmas i feel like armys are gonna get smarter errdat bc we keep using ourthe only thing i feel is taken for grantedi love how is heated!! exactly how i feel!! #comey #cnni feel bad for people who have lost their motheri feel you bro, but yeah <bleep> was crazy, i kinda seen it coming but i didn't want it to be so!!i feel like a burden on everyone and that i annoy everyone i talk to like i am so <bleep>ing sorryhaha! i feel like this everydayi have no words for how i feel right now :d #ottvsnyr #gosensgoi'm just sitting on photoshop laughing by myself, and i feel very bad for even giggling at this.i feel like <bleep>ttttti feel the same way and i wish i didn't.i listen to trina song look back at me when i feel down.sometimes i feel like i'm that person that no one wants to hang out with or be around...i feel so lonely walking homei feel sheriff clarke would make a perfect fbi directer and mr gowdy would do just as well at his current job exposingi feel sorry for lilli she was really good but at least mark lefti'm already twenty, wasting my life away and i feel like my depression isn't even valid any more i'm just dragging out the inevitablemay allah make my heart strong when i feel down.i feel bad second rabbit marlon bundo must shoulder the full burden of first pet social responsibilities in the absence ofi feel like i've let you down with live tweeting! it's just life got a little too busy latelywhat's this from anyway? i feel about this since nowy phone has a more unified look but i imagine it's still there!i mean i have a lot more going on and i don't regret things i feel but still.oh my gosh a part of my childhood died. i feel so bad for rob. rip christopher "big black" boykin.i feel sorry for anyone who has gotten their hair done by karriei wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutthis isn't something i "feel," it's something i've logically thought through!comey was a snake. but i feel like he just didn't want to end up on the clinton hit list #clintoncartel #sethrich"texts.." i feel like i am. "i--i love you a lot.."i feel like garbagei feel nauseousi feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artiskarma, zen, w.e.; i feel it all coming together. class17, willie taggart and new staff. attitude change. everything fittingsong truman is so relatable to life right now i feel like within the year i'm really going to figure everything outi feel motivated. i'm gonna eat this year. remember this. don't sleep on iti feel like <bleep>ini wanna text you but i feel like i'm bothering youi wore real clothes, got my car fixed, baked cupcakes, lifted and about to do laundry. i feel quite accomplished.i feel brain deadi feel so intensely and overwhelmingly sometimes around certain people i encounterditto, lmao. i feel like a slug.i feel sick and all i want is a back rubyou don't really know what i feel with this. and i was like, "as if i have a choice?" oh well..i feel like <bleep>ing <bleep>i feel like i need to apologize but i have nothing to be sorry fori slept from 9 to 3 and then again from 5 to 8. i feel <bleep>ing disgusting for how much time i wasted today..."i want to sleep until i feel better."i feel little and masc but also <bleep>ual this is so strangethere's going to be a hellboy reboot....idk how i feel about this ideawhat doesn't kill u make you stronger! but i feel dead alreadyyellow <bleep> i feel like diamond from the players clubi prefer ready to die, i feel they were at their prime then but everyone's got different opinionscan we elect tom holland for president? i feel like he has americans' best interests at heart.this might be one of the saddest celebrity deaths of my time so far. i feel like i grew up watching him daily.big black passed away and now i feel like my childhood is really gone..i feel bloated and i can't sleep.any other ones ? i feel like that's the only one lolugh i feel like such a fake snh stan cause i can barely keep up with them nowadaysi'm getting so disrespectful if i feel disrespected. make a <bleep> wish she never said nothing in the first place.i'm in serious <bleep>, i feel totally losti feel good know me and shawn are still on season 5 of the vampire diariesi feel u, it's hard to find a jobnot giving my all to anyone until i feel it's righti feel you broexercised tonight for the first time in a while. i feel greattrump needs to resign. i feel it's too stressful for his well-being.i feel so bad for close minded ppl :'(i feel bad pulakhalf of my tweets be song lyrics or <bleep> i feel like tweeting.what if i feel this way for the rest of my life?i feel like the only girl that does not look cute in those animal filters w my big <bleep> cheeksjust one thing i feel bad for the students who'd given their blood, sweat, and tears to get a communication degree.we've been wanting 7 years to see emison rise and rn i feel so disappointed. emison will rise for the pregnancy thing,not bc of love #pllya i feel like that's a legit hit, oppo on an outside pitch just late
take the emotions i feel today and throw them under the seat with the ones from yesterday
bow wow said he's not black so i feel like he deserves everything he got coming to him.
i feel you on that
i feel u
chea always missing out, i feel bad for lil bro but he wants to work that 7 days lol. 1738 bottle service at his crib/stella
tell that <bleep> <bleep> em and that's just how i feel about him
retweeted what i feel (@accuratetext): never get too attached to something that isn't yours..
i vote for top social artist award for #btsbbmas i feel so blessed, hallelujah
i feel violated for even being in this
all i feel like doing is crying
wow i feel so much better :))
i feel like once you get into high school life goes by in a blink of an eye.. i remember my first day of high school like it was yesterday
no more food for me!!! i need to lose this weight i feel like i haven't lost any
i feel sorry for you and your children. they will grow up knowing their mother is a liar.
i feel special for being #5
i feel like posting some of my drafts. remember - these are the tweets that didn't make it. do not judge me. these are rejec
now i feel bad for making fun of my parents for being sad when a fav celeb from their younger years passed away
i feel like spongebob when squidward didn't want the sweater made of eyelashes
i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.
i might not make anymore! but if i feel like it i'll make this one :* just an fyi!
marco deserved better! deadass the worst 'wrong place at the wrong time' of alllllll timmmmeeee (but i feel really bad for annie too)
i feel you on that brotha
i feel like half the <bleep> i do isn't appreciated by most ppl. but whatevs.
i feel it doesn't make sense that <bleep>s parents had no other pictures taken and that there's probably and album or two
when i hear kellyanne conway talk i feel like i'm a child and she's a teacher who think i plagiarized my homework because i u
i'm that type of person that needs to be early otherwise i feel like i am late.
i feel this fr.
i vote for #btsbbmas top social artist i feel so nice.
ughhh i feel the older i get the worse <bleep> get
rip christopher <bleep> boykin. i feel like most of my senior year of college was spent shouting do work and researching net guns.
i feel bad for rob and big's family now he was such a cool dude
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
i wanna tell you how i feel, but im scared. scared of being hurt again, scared of you not feeling the same and scared of
isnt akira like a grade above futaba too... i feel like itd work better w akira as the big brother n futaba is his tiny sis
today i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of love
i feel like doing a little something for yoonjin too, tell me your favorite yoonjin moment and i'll draw it! #btsbbmas
i can be goofy, nasty, a sweetheart, a savage, an <bleep>hole, sarcastic, or whatever mood i feel like at the moment
i'm off this earth i feel like superman!
yeah they might. i feel like they'll be out in the us anytime now.
why must i feel this way...
don't eat cats n dogs twitter rly blows lol bc the chances are they eat other meat i feel like ive sed dis before but its annoyin
i feel this is important info for the short term. junta is spelled with a j, not an h there there is no e on the end of co
hey i feel bad that i didn't get u a gift for #nationalteachersday so i made u a playlist instead! happy list
i cried to my mom for a good hour about how lonely i feel and she started crying and told me that she loves me so much i just love my mom
i feel like such a fool lmao
u know when you're a kid and u have a nightmare then u wake up and hug ur mom and suddenly feel safe? that's how i fe
idk like i fw rob dyrdek he very beneficial to the culture n <bleep>...... ...but i feel like he be sayin <bleep> when nobody
i thought summer was for getting gainz not getting pregnant. i feel so out of trend.
omg that acc followed me i feel like absolute <bleep>
i can't sugarcoat the answer for you, this is how i feel: if somebody kill my dog, that mean somebody gettin' killed h
once i feel like i'm just bother you i start to distant myself
how i feel after #frappuccinohappyhour _(:3 )_ #tobeapartner #starbucks
i am experiencing an abnormal amount of fatigue lately :/ i feel so weak and consistently tired, i hope it's nothing too weird
i feel like being messy lol
i feel awkward just looking at that pic , yikes
i'm at my highest weight and i feel <bleep>ing disgusting
honestly, thinking about tomorrow i feel sorry for sean <bleep>er.
in the word of #chrispratt, while i'm taking a doo doo i feel like i'm wiping a marker
i feel bad bc i always wanna talk i jusf have the conversational skills of a rock to start w
dear phone, thanks for being there when i feel alone.
if i feel like i'm trying too hard, i'm a burden or annoying.... over anything then i will fall back.
define female traits?? cuz i feel someone get that and a man in touch with his feelings confused.
i feel like cooking just to have roast me
2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouraged
driving around and suddenly i feel like smoking and i don't even smoke loli feel ya! i wasn't blessed with much speed myselfnobody understands how hungry i feel.i feel like someone is pinching my uterus send helpidk how i feeli feel great about it but i would feel even better if they perform #btsbbmasi feel like i'm losing all of my friendsi feel kinda emptyi feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmasthe first time of my life i feel so shame as an indonesian. such of a <bleep> justice drama. stand by #ahoki feel like some people just wake up mad and thats unfortunatei feel i must learn to rebuild.i'm done tweeting y'all taking em to serious like naw i'm straight until otherwise it's just how i feel at that exact momentalthough there are miles between us your always in my heart, when i feel i'm missing you i close my eyes and there u asometimes i feel like if i paid attention enough, i could fall in love with anybodyi feel the same a lot too, its even worse when the words finally pop up in your mind hours later.hearing my mom say " i'm proud of you " makes me so happy because i feel like i'm always disappointing heri feel like <bleep>s need to come in my life wit they <bleep> together .. i don't got time to teach y'all right from wrongbecause of everything going on i barely can see you, know i feel like i'm losing you to your friendsthe day where you can pass by, and i feel nothing has bestowed itself upon meoh my goodness. i feel a cold -cough- coming on. may not make it to work tomorrow.i feel like it actually reflects suicidal thinking pretty wellsometimes i feel lonely but then i remember music exists. can't feel lonely with music.i feel like i say this a lot but we can always try to talk thru dms or something. srry bro i luv u tooi feel like me and dana are breaking up right now and my heart hurts because of it.eh i actually half agree to it.. but too bad what i feel being overseas is that, being treated as a foreigner and treated like <bleep>also i feel like yoongi was like ? a protector or smtg ? esp considering how originally he was supposed to cover jins eyei feel like this could have been a little more intense...but watevs... #thechallengeinvasionand when i'm with you i feel better... to vote for bc he deserves to win #shawnbbmasmy only tweet for the day i feel like i jumped into a pool without holding my breath and inhaled water so badwe'll live a moment like this on may 21, i know it, i feel it, bts owns 2017 and nobody can tell me otherwise. i vote foi don't even know how to explain how i feel rn.i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisit seems like all the autumn leaves are falling, i feel like your the only reason for it.i feel so bad stopppppppppi feel neglectedi feel like mtv quit on us during this finali feel like verizon got the best coverage and service.i have developed the world's biggest migraine since this afternoon. i feel the same as you. ii feel like it'll get through mani feel sorry for you and your children. they will grow up knowing their mother is a liar.my phone went off and i feel betrayed"i feel so miserable without you, it's almost like having you here." - stephen bishop #aldubxdtbypordalabi have so much homework i feel like i don't even have time to go to the bathroom...i feel like i keep saying this: republicans, this is your last chance to clean up the mess you made. act now or your party ii have no idea..about anything anymore. i feel like things are slowly starting to fall apart. life is such a rollercoaster of <bleep>lang! i feel like lit will be easier?i feel like psy and gdragon about to obliterate everyone with factsover the past couple weeks i have been able to do all of this (and more that are at work), what i feel is some of my besttoday has been such a rough day and i feel so freaking alone.i feel so ready to plunge into a new chapter of life.idk like i fw rob dyrdek he very beneficial to the culture n <bleep>...... ...but i feel like he be sayin <bleep> when nobodyi feel this so hardwhat the fck i feel so attacked by happy pythagora &gt;rt o)-(that's how i feelif i feel better in the next few hours i'll get a video out for you guys. i need to rest for a bit.i feel like if you claim you fw somebody you should never have them wondering what position they play in your life . gf/bfnobody in my house will let me blast my kpop baby daddies playlist in peace and i feel attackedi feel so numb right now idcthe goal today is to see how i feel after i eat an entire bag of flaming hot cheetosyeah i feel youeverytime i brush my hair i feel like i rip out half of all the hair i have and it's #notworthitthree rings on my left i feel like king jamesi haven't gotten to nap a lot since january and now i feel really weird after them so that's sadbut i like some weird <bleep> smells, so i feel youi feel like i'm falling apart.i feel bad for you if you don't have a friend likewhy do i feel the need deep within my bones to constantly be feeding people when there's a tragedy/crisis going on?"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel anywayi hate when i feel like i fw somebody more than they fw mei feel you're pain they need to come here morelol i feel u... tell me ur kiddinghallo. i feel this way, also. yes. good day.
i feel weird liking everything in a thread between two people but eh i like to see the heart pop so i can't just not like it
i feel so crusty without my nails done
i don't know how girls can expect a boy to buy them a new mk purse or $500 in vs. yeah it's sweet af but i feel bad if
i don't know why i feel hope when i can be rational
idk how i feel bout moving again...
i feel like i keep saying this: republicans, this is your last chance to clean up the mess you made. act now or your party i
no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feel
i feel like haim is going to have a secret sessions for fans btw i can't wait for summer camp 818 girls meet 562 girl
i feel this on so many levels.
the more charming i get the more i feel the need for polygamy
i feel like every day trump just exposes a massive flaw in the us government system.
i feel like those are all related somehow.
i feel like this summer is gonna consist of me hanging out with myself so fav if we can be friends do friend stuff. pls.
never thought i'd be ok not smoking but i feel good af
big mood, perfectly depicts how i feel
i feel like islanders fans are way better at hating the rangers than devils fans are.
i feel lonely, talk to me.
i feel like at any time during the day, sean <bleep>er is in a utility closet violently barfing into a mop bucket.
i feel handsome
i feel like iu got out earlier than a lot of other schools
i still want johnkat to happen so i feel
i feel like i gotta kick up twice as hard now
i fall back if i feel like i'm bother to you.
i feel like chatting today. the little one has already decided that i absolutely cannot set him down during naps today
persahabatan ini mulai berubah.. can you see the secret of my eyes.. can you feel what i feel here in side.. -fall in
that's what i was trying to find a way to articulate. i feel like the more benign aspects are more damaging to woc.
im yelling the lyrics to love/paranoia rn and i feel good
yo i feel bad the wendy's tweet thing about free chicken has people spamming for free tickets
oh <bleep> it is newwww ksjdksks 77d sounds nice (why i feel like i'm talking about bra sizes smh)
they tried to play her and gave her a lighter foundation. i feel like girls with darker skin tones are underrepr
i found most of the tour-cyclist are couple (2 people). idk but now i feel more comfort cycling in group.
i can't help how i feel i'm just keeping it real
i never cared about anybody opinion i feel how i feel!!!
i feel like a bag of <bleep>s
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
like i feel like screaming
i have taken all the meds. and drank all the home remedies. i hope i feel better in the morning. because right now i feel like <bleep>.
as girls, i feel like it's our job to like other girls selfies and boost each other's confidence as much as possible.
ugh i feel like <bleep>
i feel nothing when i should and everything when i shouldn't
really want the galaxy s8+, but i feel like waiting for android o would be optimal
i feel like i have a friend who is in love with me and then they know about the girl i like and how i'm in love with her..
whenever i feel like being sweet i get ignored and whenever he feels like being sweet he gets ignored - what a great dynamic
i feel like doing bleachers
i feel so bad
i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.
when im not in the studio, i feel like im useless.
q: how do you feel about the first stage as exo-cbx in japan? bh: "i feel that there arent only the japanese.." (
yeah i feel you on that. ffxv helped satisfy my want for rpgs i loved everything about it
idk like i fw rob dyrdek he very beneficial to the culture n <bleep>...... ...but i feel like he be sayin <bleep> when nobody
now i feel the need to get a hat that says "top ramen" on it, even though i don't even eat ramen noodles.
the way i feel when i talk about you is everything
i feel like i should come with a warning label
so a few of those so-called space/sky guardians flew by as i called them. so i feel better now...
dont even know how i feel rn
i feel like if you claim you fw somebody you should never have them wondering what position they play in your life . gf/bf
after a 5mi run i feel bad for the ppl next to me on the train
i feel like it's crossed state lines lol who knows where else it's spread to
i feel that it's important to remember in these times of gross political chicanery and despair; at least we have the fidget-spinner craze.
how do i feel? how do i feel? i feel amazing! #btsbbmas
i feel so bad for camila odee #thechallengeinvasion
i feel my nose almost dripping when i talk to customers
love galore is everything i feel
i feel like if you doubled the playback speed on this it would sound just like animal crossing.
i feel for him, they even have a show just the two of them
i feel like la went to the boris diaw school of slow-running.
accidentally bought full sheet paper towels instead of "select a size" and i feel the destruction of earth with every sheet #globalwarming
thank you abby for inviting me to the girls lax game! had a great time watching you girls kick <bleep>!! i feel very appreci
lilly showed me a "frog" the other day. it was slimy... i'm not sure how i feel about it...
i feel like a part of my childhood is gone. rip <bleep>. :(
now <bleep>s gon be talking on they "this is so green i feel bad" <bleep> so shorties can trust them again <bleep> outta here
i have taken all the meds. and drank all the home remedies. i hope i feel better in the morning. because right now i feel li
ezra: i hope you realize that with her being here- being alive, it doesn't change a thing about how i feel about you.
idk how i feel about this new snapchat update.
i feel ya, little sister! after 7 last night and 8 tonight...hope it doesn't mean 9 tomorrow. #isittheweekendyetcan we please talk about young forever i feel like this song is kinda overlooked bc it's short and alli got my eyebrows done today and i feel like a whole new personi feel insane every single time i'm asked to compromise 'cause i'm afraid and stuck in my ways and that's the way it staysi feel like you meet certain people for a reason. whether good or bad. you take piece from that person, learn, and grow.i feel so bad for henriki feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmaswhy don't i feel sad over someone else's pain..?marvel and dc are night and day right now. i feel like i live in a parallel universe version of 2007.i try my hardest to make everyone around me happy but i feel like no one tries to make me happy?i feel personally victimized by this semesteri feel like the same situation happens every yeari feel like every year i get a tad bit fineri feel you on thatokay i'm having a conversation with a friend and honestly i feel impressed to do this thread for girls on... "the indecisits the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesi feel like every teacher ever got together last six weeks and made a bet on who can fail the most students this six weeks" i feel in love with you because you loved me when i couldn't love myself" - mei can't make people value me. all i can do is show them who i am, what i feel, and what i believe in. it's up to them to rei feel like at any time during the day, sean <bleep>er is in a utility closet violently barfing into a mop bucket.out of body..that's just how i feel when i'm around you shawtymay allah make my heart strong when i feel down.i feel so etheral when my crush hypes the fck outta me like u so fine and the fact u think im fine? we go 2gether nowi feel like i'm going to throw up. this is really not good. not going to speculate on the implications until i have timecan i just get a restart <bleep>on on all social media because i wasn't funny and i feel like i have improved???not a hockey guy, but i feel like a giant <bleep> could have only helped the rangers chancesit's so hard for me to say what's on my mind because i feel like there's no pointwhen i feel played i get disrespectful.i feel like time travelled back to december. #fuckthisshit #iwannarunawayi feel like i should hate the senators but i don't. they used to be bitter rivals with the sabres but that rivalry just seems deadi love this so much. i feel bad for sean but oh well, i'm anyhow.i feel all alone...i feel like leslie nielsen and baghdad bob are going to get lots of screen time.i feel this on another leveli feel bad for bow wow .. that was my lil <bleep> 2sometimes i feel like i'm incapable of love because if anyone hurts me i'll just hurt them much worsei feel like i need to have a very long cry but it wont solve any of my problemsdont know how i feel about u rooting for senators over rangersthere's some ppl i stalk literally just bc i love their hair? how weird is that. tbh it speaks volumes abt how i feel abt mine. the envybut your new found "god, i feel so happy for craig anderson"lol. i feel you on that. i've given a lot for the gubernatorial race in my state and i've been to three meetings for johngoddamn i feel stupid.so many things are happening and i feel so stressed !!!just started thinking ab how many dead bodies there are on this planet now i feel weirdtbh i feel like a mess when my eyebrows and all aren't donei feel this a lot"i feel so miserable without you, it's almost like having you here." - stephen bishop #aldubxdtbypordalabi feel like trump is in the white house and your angst over that makes it so much better! your salty tears make myi feel like i keep saying this: republicans, this is your last chance to clean up the mess you made. act now or your party ii feel so sick aint ate all dayi feel so upset there was no conservative party on the ballot i feel let down.i feel inspired. never stopped writing, just stopped submitting. may release some more.i feel like my life ain't minei used to be sooooo sappy abt my favs. even if i feel that way abt jimin now im too grown and embarrassed to actually talk abt iti feel like going to msg soon and pay my respects like it's a funeralseasons of love rent rent is so damn good and this iconic song is a blessing to my ears i feel lifted from the groundi feel like i'll bless them more by not exposing them to my shirtless body...idk like i fw rob dyrdek he very beneficial to the culture n <bleep>...... ...but i feel like he be sayin <bleep> when nobodyi feel it coming ft. daft punk - the weekndi know man, i feel it.i feel like you and i need to swap stories sometime soon.nothing like the crushing disappointment of new york hockey. i feel your pain.i feel like everyone at don millie's hates their jobdon't know how i feel about this snapchat updatei feel like we can't even have a convo anymore :(i feel u my kepler was basically based on his personality alone so he looks nothing like his voice ripwhy do i feel like this song was written about my lifetwo days in a row i'm getting 3+ hours of itr podcasts right after work for like practically nothing? i feel spoiled.there are days when i feel like dying and today's one of emsometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 secondsthank you! i feel more secure now after knowing you feel the samei feel the disconnecti feel like i'll never be happy againyou bring good to my lonely life, honestly i say that i would be nothing without your love i feel the rush and it's amazingi feel like i always have to beg my friends to spend time with mei feel like the only girl that does not look cute in those animal filters w my big <bleep> cheeksy'all i feel all mushy inside but i can't help iti feel we should get the one from the jazz tbh.i study but i feel like i ain't study wtf
okay i'm having a conversation with a friend and honestly i feel impressed to do this thread for girls on... "the indecis
i feel like i got duped. that i am actually stupid because i can't memorize everything on spot and yet, i get tested on it like i should.
damn rip <bleep> i feel some type of way about this. so bummed
i feel completely hopeless and powerless right now.
so i started "desire of the everlasting hills" by cahill, and now i feel much better
i still can't figure out to use twitter lol, i feel so old.
he's going to have to do a lot of grovelling this week i feel
cause i needed to sleep i slept for 3 hours in the car and i'm only awake cause i feel like people r watching
i feel like <bleep> when you ignore me.
pens because crosby is hurt and i feel like the caps will win the cup if they get past the mental hurdle of the 2nd round
11 seconds i feel a dub
ah i feel bad coming to starbucks because they always give it to me for free
i feel left out everyone else has synced periods and then i'm here then again i don't want my period.
there's nothing i love more than coaching kids, i feel blessed to be able to coach highschool basketball and football at such a young age
if i ever think i'm a-little hungry i just watch snapchat story i feel full again #foodgod
yeah i feel the pain when it's cold or when it's not i can be walking and it will hurt even moving a wrong way
damn hahah i've been on facebook for one hour and i feel like i already know all the dudes this one girl bangs - <bleep> is evolving
i feel it, too. god's up to something. and i'm ready
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i feel like a fool for thinking you had a moral compass. i feel worse for thinking you were a patriot.
motherhood friend you look good tho , i feel like i look a whale
why do i feel like this is somewhere in northern minnesota lol
and idk how i feel about rafael and petra. i like them better apart. i really don't want him to mess her up again.
i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.
i feel ya. special dispensations on the house.
i feel bad.
i feel like people don't know what gluten is. i mean, is it really necessary to put a 'gluten free' label on marshmallows?
i feel like everyone is suddenly ****** ** and all these ******** ******** keep flooding my mind and im starting to panic
i literally spent 20 minutes looking at my body embracing my flaws in the mirror i feel great now
every time i feel like i found someone i can be happy with... everything goes down hill and i end up hurt
i feel like i haven't talked to my best friend in months
i feel like i could write a book on the science of hardpoint and how to play it.
hmmmmm i feel like watching a movie
i feel you. my friends tell me to shut up all the time lolol im such a cry baby with my feelings lol
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i know i feel personally attacked like i'm just soooo done
i feel like an idiot for missing you.
i feel bad for october and july, january got the most clutch player
i feel like the same situation happens every year
so i have the biggest crush on this boy now .. why now .. eww i feel so weird .. omg wtf .. i wanna die
me: i feel ok.... brain: me: im still depressed brain: ok i'lll let this slide but ur on thin <bleep>in ice
i feel like i'm watching the twilight zone
i feel like talking a hole through somebody's head right now
lol i feel you
i feel like <bleep> rn
i feel like that <bleep> right now
i'm looking at my physics final review packet and i feel like this past semester didn't even happen like i'm already blanking on everything
thank you!! as an i-moomoo i feel very grateful for your translations always so fast and complete
i feel sooooo miserable
"maybe i'll just go post something on twitter too. gosh guys i feel so left out"
idk like i fw rob dyrdek he very beneficial to the culture n <bleep>...... ...but i feel like he be sayin <bleep> when nobody
i feel like a violent movie. what's on netflix? hmm i think it's time to watch judge dredd. i've never seen it!
we'll live a moment like this on may 21, i know it, i feel it, bts owns 2017 and nobody can tell me otherwise. i vote fo
i feel like i'm a mix of ginobili and james posey
when i hear kellyanne conway talk i feel like i'm a child and she's a teacher who think i plagiarized my homework because i u
i know it's not true, but as a millennial i feel like older people are always winning. which just encourages the division
this is how i feel tonight.
i feel like i'm out of my mind
ik she is my girl but i feel like i still have a crush on her and trying to win her over
ok, just went outside and bashed a tree trunk over a stack of wood while listening to eyehategod depress and i feel soooooo much better.
awww honey i feel the same way
this is really how i feel about everything and everyone.
i feel like dan's comment were insensitive to his customers and he needs to realize that's it's 2017.
hungover ughhhhh.. *urp* i feel... s-sick...
im so nervous i feel sick
poor dog but its so funny ohmygod i feel so bad for laughing
i wanna spiral my life out of control with drugs and alcohol but i feel like i'm too pretty for that
i feel like i've heard that before too lol
i feel like a dementor <bleep>ed my soul out that's why i'm so sick rn .. sos
i feel alive
omg how is she not 21 yet!!! i feel so old!!
what a finish by danny green. i feel a harden 3 coming but let's see what happens.i feel like i don't know you anymore lolnot enough that i feel like finding my ibuprofen thoughback into p5 and i finally beat palace #1!!!!! i will say taking time from it and playing through fe7 was worth it. i feel refreshed.the weekend - i feel it comingi feel blessedi feel like i am loosing everyonei don't know why but i feel the most scared to meet minhyuk sldkdni wanna tell you how i feel, but im scared. scared of being hurt again, scared of you not feeling the same and scared ofi feel like imma get married soon...i feel you. been working in comms for 20 years. 20. <bleep>ing. years. how'd the holy hell does this even happen?!i feel like giving up on everythingi feel you so hard on this!!!! but on the lighter note im so proud that youre a manager now! get that shmoney girli feel sorry for them like those girls you beat up in high school haha.#nowplaying (i feel so) blunt #newbritishmusic onyellow <bleep> i feel like diamond from the players clubi feel about 10lbs lighter after that haircut that's for suresimple icons are open till i feel i've taken enough! $6 a pop! if you'd like one just comment to claim, rts very appri feel so weird right nowi feel an epic ending on the way...got my student loans in order today and even though i have a migraine from it, i feel relieved it's all fixed.may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.to say how i feel or just keep bottling it up....you'll realize that you care for someone if you're hurt whenever they are hurt. that's what i feel everytime bts is hurt.i feel like <bleep>13: i love him because i feel so comfortable around him, i dont have to be somebody im noti feel like people don't know what gluten is. i mean, is it really necessary to put a 'gluten free' label on marshmallows?i feel like i'm drowning, i feel like i'm broken, my life is a battle. is there any way i'll ever be good enough...alli feel like i could be good friends with a lot of people but i don't know how to start a friendship.i feel like i have fewer opinions about actual political events these days and more opinions about the reactionsi feel like a dull knife is stabbing my lower backtrust in wockhardt! i feel like a wokstar!cause i feel like i'm the worst so i always act like i'm the besti feel like i want to block everyone if they stand w themno amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feeli guess it's a good thing that i feel sad to leave friends and lovers. so that's nice. still feels sad though.lmao jk i feel nothing anymorei feel bad, but i cant help but laugh at thisi feel so horriblei feel like rewatching bring it onastro are clearly working so hard for this next album,, i feel like it'll probably be their best one yet :')i feel like i've been constantly tired for daysi feel you spurs woman crying. i feel you. #gospursgoeverything about to fall into place, i feel it.every time anderson makes a shot i remember the day we nabbed him in free agency and i feel warm and fuzzy insidesometimes i feel like i'm ranting for just myself and nobody really gets anything out of my threads but i mean that's capital"i feel like i would've banged claude monet." -no funny <bleep> it's really ova for <bleep>s. every time i level up i feel closer to achieving the vision.i feel like we had this conversationi missed one day of school and all of a sudden i feel like i deserve to be on summer break alreadygood gods, i know huh? i feel bad for about today's podcast, hope thursday's isn't frakked at the end of the dayi feel like i've had the highest highs and the lowest lows. but never somewhere in between.lmfaooo girl i feel youi've seen so many nice femroes on the elemental dc i feel so blessedjust tried to talk to my parents about how depressed and alone i feel and they completely blew it offyou know how i feel about lebron broi feel like . my body better get it together by thursday nightthere really is a wolf... i feel bad for anyone who just realized you were the best..i feel horriblei'm currently screaming bc of this game and i feel terrible for my roommate lolok i feel something now abort abort abortya man, dude is only 26. i feel like he has been around so long. it's a joke that he doesn't win the norris every year #notdioni feel like i'm going to puke should i watch grey's anatomy or my get happy youtube playlist hhhhhhhsome days i feel like my brain is my worst enemy... why do i over think? becuase how can you not after being broken si feel strange herei feel thati feel like we're so underrated and honestly hidden gems.i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.i feel like i'm always compared to girls and it honestly <bleep>s but that's how it's always been for me igit came back in my room just now and i accidentally scared it by sneezing and made it leave and now i feel bad..that's exactly how i feel!2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouragedtbh i scoffed at people who love to claim they have a wanderlust. mainly bc i feel like they just want likes on travel pictures
okay i'm having a conversation with a friend and honestly i feel impressed to do this thread for girls on... "the indecis
i feel like i'm at a point in my life where i can just relate anything to spongebob
i feel like i'm 50 because my knees are so <bleep>ed all the time
i feel you homie i totally feel yo
if you lose me i feel bad for you
i feel so uneasy when i have to watch an english dubbed movie in the cinema. it loses the emotional quality and clarity really.
i feel so out of place here
oh, gosh, no. i feel the same..perfect for others, not so much for me
i feel like job searching is 10x harder than actually having a job.
i feel like it depends on the language whether people go lower/higher but!! this is one of my favorite things
she don't want to get turned down . i feel it though lmao.
when im fasting and i feel really dizzy, i feel proud, like ive pushed myself to my limit and somehow im still going
dang somebody can't get their phone back i feel bad for them
ok that was is basically number 1 i feel that in my soul
yeahhhh i feel your pain
guys i dont have enough room to fit all of my biases in my description and like i feel bad aishhhhhh why must i love so many
today i cut my hair and i feel like a new person
i feel like my facebook is full of ppl just advertising a bunch of things to make money.
i feel so etheral when my crush hypes the fck outta me like u so fine and the fact u think im fine? we go 2gether now
whenever someone follows me i wanna ask if they are a larrie but i feel like people would stab me
i am obsessed with my wig because i feel like hannah montana with it on
head hurting in pain i feel like i have to vomit
thank you all for supporting my art. i can't begin to express to you have grateful i am. tonight i feel such a deep apprec
why i feel like how i felt when lillard hit that shot on us?????
he love that i say what i feel he feel what i say cause it's real
i feel sick
i feel dead
watching catching hell now....... i feel for bad for steve bartman..... my god that was brutal
i feel like i'm rambling but i also feel like the government is spiraling
god really gonna bless me i feel it
"i-i just... i feel like everyone is randomly turning against me?"
i feel like everything just <bleep>s so much in my life rn like fr
i feel like khalid is underrated
i feel like you would do this
mfs change like the weather, i don't speak on how i feel cause you never know anyone's true intentions w/ you
i feel poopy
i feel like you should delete them. also please know if you are a victim revenge <bleep>? it is a crime in many states is th
someone keeps retweeting baekhyun stuff i feel blessed
i feel like such a <bleep>ing idiot
this guy is a joke. i feel embarrassed to be an american right now.
everytime i feel like im not ganna <bleep> w someones vibe, we end up clicking right away. lol i need to stop judging!!!
i feel like when you turn a can of spam over and shake it and stab it in the <bleep> and it just kind of schlorps
i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.
i feel thus
yes i feel so much better every time the crazy <bleep> <bleep> speaks.
i feel like i can't be understood.
i feel like i'm a couple years from being the lady that spends her time waiting in the checkout line reading the tabloids. enthralled.
i feel disgusted .
lol i'm #forevergiants but i feel ya debbie.
i feel like if god bring me to it ..he shall take me through it
i get jealous a lot because i feel easily replaceable
i feel like the whole world want me to pray for them , but who the <bleep> praying for me
i feel the connection with and it's incredibly beautiful! she is full of amazing talent #teamgoldengiggles #dwt
i feel the same about the official instagram account's unwillingness to post veil content.
.@twentyonepilots tbh i wish would investigate this. i feel like they get stuff done.
i feel like rockets warriors would be a better matchup but we'll see
sometimes i feel like i annoy everyone i talk to...or like when i walk away, people are always talking about me idk
i feel bad for people who sleep on blackbeari feel youi feel like getting on xbox live and cussing out little kidsdude i feel you it's taking up my feedif my <bleep>ties have ever been in your mouth , i feel you owe me a mother's day gift ...somedays i think i'm fine but most days i feel like i'm drowningwhy do i feel obligated to help people feel or be happy again ? i feel like that's my job for some reason.i just can't help myself.i'm in oklahoma..... watch sweet home oklahoma and know i feel your pain 10 foldi feel like a new person when i get my brows donewhy is it everytime i get in my car i feel like cryingi can't see the moon, but boy!!! can i feel her...i feel like trump's impeachment is near but that doesn't even bring me joy bc mike pence has always scared me more than trump ever couldi feel like the world is fighting this "universal" movement i'm pushing for...but i'll win because i always do...it will be the future"the only time that i feel fine is when i'm parked in front of my house with tears in my eyes."thank you very much for all the wishes ,people . i feel overwhelmed and blessed . i love you you made my day :) thank you.i feel really weird labeling my a&amp;p lab packet when i get to the reproductive systemsometimes i feel like my baby is my only friendeach day, there's a moment when i feel i cant hold on anymorei feel like once i get comfortable somewhere it's time to go againi feel some people just live to die..... that person was a lesson learned in someone's life.the amount of happiness i feel when i see her is like no other, she means the world to me, my princess, and my date toi feel uwhy do i feel so dehydrated wtfi feel so stupid. i let myself down so much this yearnot a hockey guy, but i feel like a giant <bleep> could have only helped the rangers chancesezra: i hope you realize that with her being here- being alive, it doesn't change a thing about how i feel about you.i just wanna dance i feel good!i feel sorry for all ppl behind exo's works - concepts, mvs , vcrs, merchs etc they're ideas are always getting copied byi feel like i'm the only guy to turn down a modelhad a long day, but i have a kitten napping in my lap so i feel so much better ;;i feel like god puts me in certain situations, not to fall in love or make things permanent- just to show them who he is leaveme: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel betterhow i feel that hasn't renewed any of the #onechicago shows yet and the fact that #linstead aren't back together ori feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel like balz quit the band bc the others wouldn't accept him for growing that mustachei know how you feel but atm all i feel is hungryi feel like i got punched in my nose and my eye. why are they so sore!!?i must confess, i feel like i've been here before. #saturdaynightmassacreits the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesi feel sh*t when i remember all my fu*king efforts for some fu*king people.i'm sick which means i feel like i'm dyingevery time i feel like i'm getting too close to someone i usually push them away....i <bleep>i am legend i feel like all y'all are peasantsnot that funny but i feel like you had high hopes so i'll be nice. great job ameer!i will literally wait until my phone is on 2% before i charge it just because i hate being on my phone while it's charging ii feel like life is one big game of trade-offsi feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.don't you fight the feeling, cause i feel it tooi find my corner and the beer and i am legit. but i feel the same way lol people are only being nice to mei feel so ready to plunge into a new chapter of life.i feel lucky to be living in an era where there's a song for every moodi get in these weird moods where i feel super alone even though i'm surrounded by friends and familyi feel like i've heard that somewhere before. #teamjack #heartiei feel you chilei feel like one of the reasons why sens fans bite back isn't because we're "super sensitive," but more because we're tired oif you never went to girl scout camp i feel bad for you.i feel like i lost all my friendsi feel like nobody in this world will ever understand me but i'm ok with thati feel like i've no cause to celebrate soon, so yeah.i feel sleepy i think.. or sad, not surei feel like hooping now! guess i'm going to osonot understanding a sudden lack of tips is so frustrating like there arent words to describe how i feeli wanna know aboutbwhat happened during that time but i feel like i'll be sad if you tell mei feel good!!sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 secondsevery time i hear slippery i feel like gucci shouldn't of been in it. am i the only one?i feel sick as helli feel sorry for your phone and arteries.most of all, i feel heartbroken.lol see that's how i feel. i mean i won't show up to the house but i'll be cool w themi feel like every time donald trump smiles an angel gets shot in the face.i feel so betrayed. why the f would you root against the rangers??? this friendship may be overi refuse to keep correcting somebody actions if i already told them how i feel about it and they continue doing it, they aii hate it when i watch something that hurt so much i feel like crying because it opens old wounds
so tired i feel like i can't even see straight
i pray you will always feel the same about me, as i feel about you
i'm breaking out i feel so ugly );
tbh i feel like i glo'd up since high school but the male species seems to think otherwise.
i just spent a bunch $ on bs for myself bc i never treat myself... and i feel so guilty but like i shouldn't.
i feel so lonely without my phone
i feel sorry for comey. its never easy to lose your job.
i feel you justin. lol
i feel so sick great
i know i more than <bleep>ed up now i feel stupid why would i do this
i feel sorry to the person whom i answered to very rudely on the phone earlier i was just in a bad mood. mianhe.
sometimes when im laying down i feel like someones walking up behind me about to kill me so i look behind me every second
i miss posting photos on instagram that have no relation with the caption but i feel a pressure posting on my main
i learn something from every persona game and i feel like this was the best message yet? or maybe i just feel like that since it's fresh in
i feel like godly friendships locally don't exist, everybody i met is from social media
i imagine that must be weird as a writer. people ask about junkyard and i feel crazy -- his book has trees full of dead babies
i feel bad for girls who just get dropped by their "best friend" because of other friendships
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
what's this record? i feel like i've heard this
i feel lost without god
watching "judas" on youtube and remembering that this clip was the 1st time i saw norman reedus, and i feel in love with him xd
whenever i feel anxious or scared, i am calmed knowing god is perfect in all of his ways to us his hand in it all is so good.
if i feel like you dont wanna talk to me, im not gone bother you
there are only three places where i feel like i truly belong 100% of the time : - my bed - my fridge - concerts
i guess, though i feel like i could've done better.
"i'd walk a mile in anyone's shoes, unless they were wearing f'n crocs" i feel you! #belowdeckmed
i feel pretty o so pretty. i feel pretty and witty and gaaaay. and i pitty girls who are in need today.
just because i don't show how i feel doesn't mean it's not killing me
i feel like i am loosing everyone
i feel old now this like one of them "remember when gas was ..." conversations
sometimes there just aren't enough words to describe how i feel and what i wish i could say.
<bleep> had died and i feel like my childhood has left with him.
ugh my gf is so <bleep>y. post and delete. she can't know i feel these things all these random dudes hitting on her though
i feel like having a job has made things so much easier for me tbh
r u planning on giving flynn comey's job? u judas president. i feel so sorr
i feel like i'm always the one putting energy into family and friendships. it's draining. i stopped reaching out i'm so much happier.
i feel like i am the only person who replaces coffee with party music in the morning..
"i want to sleep until i feel better."
i feel like god is putting me through this just to show me how strong i am
you disgust me. you disappoint me. then again, why should you care of what i think or how i feel? it's always been about you, drama queen.
machine gunning me i feel like
i feel disgusting
<bleep> man, now i feel bad. you "do" comedy? <bleep>, you must have hundreds of dollars in your bank account.
if u think it's cute to try and ruin relationships i feel bad for u. never knew someone could be so miserable
i feel sorry for the next generation bc their middle aged actresses will never be as good as ours
not gunna lie i feel nice when i get retweeted or faved
i'm in an amazing mood i feel like something horrible is about to happen can't wait!
i feel like being that <bleep> tomorrow doing my make up so stay tuned
1. first, the story was supposed to be on wattpad pero i feel like mas maganda siya on twitter hahahahha
i feel like seriously i need to go get some medicine
: i feel like i've seen you somewhere before, i just don't know where lol
i feel like shooting a shot but i'm scared to get up off the bench smh
what's up with the amount of obese people at disney. like <bleep> i feel like i'm walking around fat camp.. this isn't magical
i feel you bro
every time i do something a little risky, toni always makes sure i feel awesome about it. luv her
i feel so sick
it's how i feel inside
2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouraged
mann i feel heavy for him.i feel this heavyi'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingi feel you loli feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmaswhy do i feel like i'm in line with all the others?i feel like <bleep> physically and mentally, but what's newi feel for you caitlin bit now it's time to make a decision are you gonna be a anti-hero and help or be killer frost? #getittogethercaitliny'all the fact that i feel like this truck was literally created and has been waiting on me is amazingthey tried to play her and gave her a lighter foundation. i feel like girls with darker skin tones are underreprno one at the park knows i'm listening to "we are the world" right now, and for that, i feel powerful.holy crrp i just understood the answers at the other pols i was like tf but now i feel smart #bti feel the clear powder should be included in the start kit. just realized i need it for colorsi feel like i look like the kid from up when i shave but when i don't shave i can't grow a proper beardi think i expect so much because i would break my back for the people i love and most times i feel like it's not reciprocatenow that i'm single i feel like i'm always on my phonekinda disappointing how close seniors are supposed to be but i feel more more distant every dayi just want a hug from rn i feel so anxious and sadthe only issue with the booty threads is that i feel bad when randos comment on your photos like mmmm lookin good ;))))when i hear kellyanne conway talk i feel like i'm a child and she's a teacher who think i plagiarized my homework because i ui feel you sisi feel like spitting on someone is the most disrespectful thing you can do. i rather somebody punch me in the face than spitj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisidk why but i feel more comfortable calling my bias with his real name than calling him by his stage namejeez. i feel very very sadi'm so sad i don't have oil i hate how the smell of lingers on me i feel like a walking nug :-(why do i feel like stole our twitter? authentic profiles are not allowed to tweet or run a fake news gi feel nothing.he got game okay i feel it. you gotta watch man on fire thojust watching rhny, at election time and realizing you and i feel the same pain and heartbreak i felt in november.i feel like people are a conformed to society and believe that materialistic things is what buys love, correct me if i'm wrongi feel like i need to distance myself from some people.i feel you homiei feel bad for y'all that have lived in delaware for your whole lives. y'all been bored for almost 2+ decades now.it's so late and i feel like death but i hear crows and it reminds me of corpse bridei feel so lonely smh. but <bleep> that he's trash and i deserve better.just watched bst jap. version and i feel like my brain just exploded. and my eyes. and my heart. #btsbbmas #bstjapani feel a little rush...i feel so disrespected...i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni am boring today.... i feel so empty. and alonely so i guess so hard be paientsi feel like misses being a teacher with the lessons he's pouring out on fb2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouragedi feel like an old man who says things like "what is this twitters?" "how do you work the twitters?" "ffs" i'm also weari'm coming in when i feel like so turn this mf up only if it feels rightayy i never walk alone from your hands, i feel your warmth ayy you never walk alone feel me, youre not alone either #btsbbmai feel myself becoming less important to people as every single day passesi feel like being petty!!!!yo i'm actually so sad, i feel like a lost a unclei feel so bad for my dad but one day i'll repay him for everythingi feel bad for yamanbagiri; a name is a powerful thing, and it's more meaningful if you earn it yourself.sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 secondsi think hoodies are now a comfort zone for me. i can just retreat into them when i feel uncomfortable. and they're cozy.i feel like i'm just completely drainedsometimes i feel bad bc danny phantom was fighting ghosts at 14 and i'm a college student eating granola bars for every meal of the dayi feel god in this costco tonighti feel confused 24/7 it's getting oldi feel like bears would be a lot friendlier with people if they knew we could scratch their backsi feel like katy always saves the best for last so i'm hoping for the best
i feel so sick
i just want you feel the same way i feel about you
"i'm listening to gospel music rn so i can feel the holy spirit as i write this essay" lol i feel u girl #finalsweek
i feel really bad for rob dyrdeck rn :(
it is ok justin, i feel the same way about queeebec as don cherry says!
i'm breathing lol. no, i feel better. no it's lifestyle changes. thanks for asking!!! how's you bro?
i feel so sad for people who aren't in love w who they are.
i've been on the low i been taking my time i feel like i'm out of my mind it feel like my life ain't mine
i love having short hair i feel so light m bouncy
ms tip got me a birthday cake i feel so special
-- when you're by my side. i've realized that. i feel safe in your arms...i feel like...i'm home, when i'm with --
sometimes i feel like i'm just screaming into the void expecting to hear anything but my own echo
i feel like punching someone so i'm just gonna go to the gym
i feel you ... cause i can't go to sleep thinking my gf ugly as <bleep>
everyone on the tl confuse the <bleep> out of me like i feel like i'm always high and not getting it
i ain't neva had nobody show me all things that you done showed me the special way i feel when you hold me
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i feel bad that all my stuff is in our little common area, but it'll make tomorrow easier.
whenever i feel good, even a little, i seem to always see something that makes me think of you. and then i just feel like less than enough.
found out my mom downloaded today. i feel violated.
i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.
somebody told me it look like i'm losing my weight but no they lying i still can't fit <bleep> at all i feel like a bum.
i feel so good guys
i'm so tired not the i'm so sleepy tired but the i feel so miserable tired i'm so tired and i don't know what to do anymore
just read an entire in depth <bleep>ysis of the esfp personality type and idk if i fully understood it all but i feel changed
i hate crying in front of people. i feel weak.
i know i'm young but i feel like its nothing i can't handle
me: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel better
sometimes i feel like my baby is my only friend
i feel like i'm growing apart from my irl friends xd
i feel like this is the beginning of the end to trump and all of the republicans in on the collusion with r
the decision to jail has confirmed that indonesia has failed the rule of law. now, i feel pessimistic about
i feel like our generation would be much better off without social media
i feel floaty and weird today
i don't know how flurry works kms i feel like a 83 year old woman
astro are clearly working so hard for this next album,, i feel like it'll probably be their best one yet :')
i feel like my early 20s have been wasted. i should have graduated by now
but cant help how i feel really+its a real effect that i have a hard time watching new, long shows in fear of having it be all for naught
i feel everything will be ok when i listen to you
i feel bad for them
ik and i feel bad cause i don't have an iphone ipad or ipod to get it on itunes.
i feel like everyone hates me litteraly..
when i get a haircut i feel i can conquer the world
time to get cute again , i been looking how i feel
i feel so off, like there's something wrong
i feel like my heart just broke
for aome reason, i feel like you would wear one to work if you could
i feel it comin baby don't spit out nun of my babies
it's about that time of year when i feel the need to chop my hair off
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i feel sorry for your children.
i feel hella stupid
everyone is singing the melody and nobody gives a <bleep> and i feel good
sometimes i feel sorry for homeless ppl sometimes i don't
i feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythin
maybe? gosh i feel so spoiled
i feel like it's a set up when somebody randomly add me on snapchat
i'm very consistent when i take an interest in someone. i'm attentive and open. <bleep>, i'll show my thirst if that's how i f
i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice.~ i vote for for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
i wish i can stop the pain i feel right now but i can't.
i feel like a <bleep>ing loser/noob when i miss my first ball in cup pong
s/o to god for the joy and peace i feel inside despite of my situation
i vote #btsbbmas prepara o cypher so i'm not one to theory but...the mv..had bits of their solo piece, i feel. t
i feel like i'm wasting people's times by being mentally not prepared for anything. or because i'm still in a spiritual dev
when i feel like it
"let me know if you get to feeling bad" "i feel bad i just threw up" "let me know when you feel worse"
the word "sad" doesn't really describe what i feel anymore because i feel much more than just sadi feel like they probably wonti feel youim sad asl i feel like <bleep> was my uncle that died or somethin :/i feel its necessary that i kill emwhy do i feel like thiss, mansometimes i feel like *45 doesn't get we can see him. we know what he's up to. i guess he doesn'i feel so bad for my best friend that has to deal w/ my <bleep><bleep> passed away today and i feel like part of my childhood went with him too...i feel the loss of breath as a side effect. it's more like i forget to breathe for a short time. could be different things.i swear to god i hate everyone i feel depressedi changed a lot of my social media, my website ect. loved my old handle but i feel it interfered with me applying for worksometimes i feel i try so hard and never get anything in returnit's been 4 days since last twitter scream therapy session #fucktrump #fucktrump #fucktrump #fucktrump all caught up. ii feel betrayed! #justiceforlai feel that occupational therapy will be infinitely more rewarding than constantly having my boss <bleep> up my beautiful spreadsheetsbut i obviously gotta explain <bleep> step by step so you'll understand. i feel like i work with a bunch of degeneratesi feel like we all have that thing we watch a billion times even when it makes us cry every single time.i feel like posting some of my drafts. remember - these are the tweets that didn't make it. do not judge me. these are rejeci just want to disappear until i feel okay againi feel like shirley temple and the three bears.i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.i'm listening to syd barret pink floyd live recordings and i feel blessedi feel so bad. here's some more pics so you guys won't suffer anymorei wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days aboutsomedays i feel so disconnected from myself.straight folk stole "throwing shade" from us and took it mainstream, now i feel they're gonna do the same with "shook"i feel so used worthlesssometimes i feel like it's my fault my boy gone that's what really be <bleep>ing wit my mentali only get to brush my teeth and rage-spray some random perfume so i feel like a greasy floral-scented homelessi feel crappyi feel like my church is one authentic italian family away from having the best potluck game in town.i feel weird when i don't go to the gymdunno how i feel about the new snapchat updatei feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.whenever sings #chittiyaankalaiyaan i feel like dancing. #zeecine2016 + insta story. loi feel as though time either moves really fast or really slow.i feel like an idiot most of the time for trying for people who don't even try for me but i still do iti've experienced so much betrayal that i feel like i can sense it coming on nowi feel she's still picking spines out of her teethtrump is very empathetic. he is willing to take the heat...makes bill clinton's "i feel your pain" look very disingenuous.i feel like i'm losing the one person i thought i'd never losewow i feel proud of myselfi feel like navigating hip hop as a woman (esp an aware woman) is complex but avoiding it completely is unrealistic, tohey jaz i feel like i vaguely recall you watching hooten and the lady and i want to know if it's worth my timei feel bad for anyone in the future that says high school was the biggest time in their whole lifei feel your pain girli feel the same joy playing persona 5 as i did playing pokemon moon. i haven't sincerely enjoyed video games this much in a long time.i feel like impeachment will be coming soon fori feel so sorry for that cat if it's yours. poor thingi feel a little rushi want to go into a store on thursday but i feel weird wearing my scarf.. ima wrap it like a turban insteadi feel so stupid.honestly, i was thinking about it cause i feel like it's something i have to see before i die. did you like it?finally turned 21 and bought my first legal drink at a bar, and didn't even get carded. not sure how i feel about this...so question. has any other presidents fired as many staff members as trump has? cause i feel like it's a lot.i feel delhi police should first arrest .. from mughals to tharoor... he seems to defend all killers of hindu"i feel bad for the guys before me because it's gotta <bleep> to lose gold"i feel like i lost caitlyn too! #theflashsometimes i feel like i'm not good enough because i care about people that make me feel like i'm not.my father is dead and if he isn't, that's just how i feel about him.i'm over here like "yeah man" then i finished it and was like "damn man...i feel that"words are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you #aldubxdtbypordalabi feel you girlwhy did i just eat that rice. i feel so sick at having no self control and also in general
i ain't neva had nobody show me all things that you done showed me the special way i feel when you hold me
ah yes i finally finished uploading my chicago boom party baby fancams, i feel good about this.
when i'm eating and not watching anything i feel like i'm wasting food
<bleep> passed away today and i feel like part of my childhood went with him too...
other than vixx they dont really have many other friends outside of sm, i feel bad for them cause theyre so sweet :/
i'm really angry tonight. i feel like i've just been called for duty. #theresistance #t
this is soo me bcs i feel bad for asking people to repeat themselves so ill just reply with whatver dumb thing i think they said
imma keep pushing myself until i feel like i got everything i deserve
i don't have homework and i feel like i'm doing something wrong
and... a sukasuka poster i don't dare post because, ehm, i feel like i just got late-series spoilers from it?
i feel like if you broke you shouldn't through shade, you should be throwing job apps
i feel u. that would be nice to have tho
i feel like there should be a written test or something you have to pass before you can become president
i feel annihilated. also, the team with josh bailey on its first line didn't make t
i feel like i barely tweet but when i do it's either about parties or my mans or graduation.. but tbh that's kind of my life rn
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i feel like i'm in "the purge " but not warning and more than 12 hours #eldoradopark #eldoradoparkprotest #thepurge
"you can get me you. i need a big strong handsome man to hold me until i feel better, think you can do that job?"
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
.@malectro also, did you ever find that twitter bot again?! i feel like this will never get old.
can't believe i'm halfway done with college. i feel no more like an engineer than since i got here
i feel so disrespected when my dogs bark at me like <bleep> i raised you
why is wally so cute? i love him so much. i feel really at peace when he comes on screen for some reason
any dro? any at all. i haven't smoked all day i feel like <bleep>
i feel horribleeeee
i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
i feel like i'm only as good as my last effort, that all the good i've done before is of no consequence. that's how you make me feel.
i don't drink soda or juice so when i feel like i want something sweet i drink flavored coconut water but today baby listennnn
bruh <bleep> died and i feel like part of my childhood has been stripped away
why do i feel like i'm not good enough
if we can't come together to celebrate the firing of a bipartisan failure like #jamescomey, i feel nothing will. i mean, he
i feel like imma have some explaining to do tomorrow
now i feel like it's hard to let go.
i wrote this song for my father. sometimes i feel he never gave a damn about me. -sws
i feel so sorry for anyone still in school
not sure what i feel
just killed a harmless mayfly for the sole sake of an entomology project and now i feel like i need to go to confession
wow i feel great
after i release this book, i'm going to start on a children's poetry book. i feel my life purpose will be completed after that
why didn't thibs do it? i thought it was the player's league until pop did it. i feel much better.
i'm trying. frfr i feel old. i'm sleepy right not and i took a whole <bleep> nap earlier
don't call yourself my friend if you don't think abt how i feel before pullin' <bleep>
i feel like i'm gonna get struck by lightning idk why it's just gonna happen
i feel like navigating hip hop as a woman (esp an aware woman) is complex but avoiding it completely is unrealistic, to
in metro- girl : every time you smile, i feel like inviting you to my place. boy : awwww. . are you single ? girl
i feel like i'm just falling deeper for you every single day
any time i feel sad about the world or the terrible things people can do or say; i look at this and it makes my heart so h
i feel like an idiot
i feel bad and nervous
i feel like i'm at my breaking point
why do i feel soo old i barely turned 21
i feel so at home with you!
i feel it all in my stomach
i don't know why i don't wear my contacts more often. i feel like a damn superhero. i can see!!
yeah i feel you its a weird look
baby i think about you and i feel it deep in my heart maybe we just ain't meant to be something maybe we are #demilovato
i feel so stupid for loving you.
i love people's angry reactions to mac demarcos new album. the scale is you either love him or hate him i feel like
if i feel like i'm trying too hard, i'm a burden or annoying.... over anything then i will fall back.
i am in an oversized sweatshirt right now i feel safe
oh now i feel like a <bleep>ing <bleep>hole.i feel the stress from this tweetis truly an inspiration for me, and it's beyond the music. it's his character that inspires me the most. i feel like we're the same.i feel bad for the girl who thinks she could ever make me mad with something i've had and dealt with. been there, done thati feel like rewatching naruto will be a very bad idea but...i know and i feel like i didn't even know what i was writing when i wrote iti feel like everyone got lip fillersi feel like crapi feel so guilty when i eati feel like death is calling meyeaah haha its okay i feel so bored rn, i wanna back to home:(i feel like people let their friends influence their decisions a little too much.. at the end of the day, it's your life ai am incharge of how i feel and today im choosing happiness. #aldubxdtbypordalab ninja@10mos&amp;project<bleep> passed away today and i feel like part of my childhood went with him too...lmao i feel like i know who this tweet is aboutalmost every day i feel like crying because i feel pathetic and worthless yet i have so much to appreciate about my life.love is defined by a person, one feeling. what i feel now i might not feel 5 years from now. why would i limit myself? i'll lovnaruto nine tail fox coat fur i feel like a gucci adlib burrrrrri feel sorry for the wrestlers today - we used to have about 30 places to work - make a living - meet vets to help us - lei feel like i'm cursed with this big heart i'm too willing to show ppl love who don't even deserve iti feel so badi vote for for #btsbmas for top social artist i feel like tony montanai feel better when i make better musici feel like i'm a prisoner in our own housei get that, but even stonewall jackson ms.. i feel like it should've been changed by nowthere is no avoiding what i feel, there is no avoiding youlike i turned 21. i feel like i deserved more from them.i feel like im going crazyi feel like death walking ighhhi'm almost never sick, so when i get the slightest sore throat i feel like my body has betrayed mei feel like everything that i've wanted is happening now and i couldn't feel more loved or so comfortable with how happy i am latelyi feel like <bleep>whenever i feel bad about having a messy computer desktop, i will think of this anonymous board member. htti feel like is actually a social experiment to see how much bs one individual can take before losing itwhen you're gone i feel incompletelike i feel bad bc he's a nice guyif you want to know how i feel about you right now, just look at what song is on repeat on my phone.i feel gr8you've got third degree burns and now it's your turn to feel what i, feel, yeahlate night, i feel like blehmy heart may hurt but i feel cleansedlmao you said it was ugly and small i feel like you're talking about someone's childthat's strange. but thank you for the effort. now i feel extra especially special."i feel so miserable without you, it's almost like having you here." - stephen bishop #aldubxdtbypordalabdo i feel like cutting it up tho? that's the million $$ questioni need to do an unfollow spree since i feel some people have me mutedi feel laloo deserves to be back in jail, but arnab going after him actually increases laloo's credibilityeverything is ok but i feel like i'm drowningthere's literally a song called jackie <bleep> by the kooks, and i feel punk/rock music is much more explicit sometimes with misogynyi feel terrible what is happening to me? am i dying? i don't deserve thisi'm not really talking about comey btw this is just how i feel when it gets dark outside since trump got electedi feel sorry for people who didn't take advantage of there high school experience and had no high school spiriti feel so triggeredi feel like navigating hip hop as a woman (esp an aware woman) is complex but avoiding it completely is unrealistic, toi ordered a frame for my graduation photo but ordered the wrong size now i feel dumbi feel weird of my manda accent, until i talked to a malaysian in manda. #imnottheonlyone loli like the night time more then the day only because it's matches how i feel withini feel so bad for yoonkook honestly. can someone just leak that hidden footage on what the <bleep> really happened between themi feel like i'm missing out on so much in life...i feel conflicted bc i like my big <bleep>ties but also small <bleep>ties sound good tooi feel horrible<bleep> has passed away and i feel like i personally lost a friend :,(pride. i feel so much damn pride reading this. i am so proud of all of us: fans, actors, writers, directors, etc. i ami feel a rise in my spiritual power...!sufferingsappho: i feel so good.i wouldn't deny anyone the opportunity to apply to move and work here. but i feel thaevery time i go out with friends and go the whole night without using my phone i feel so <bleep>ing goodtwitter was just off line for tech reasons ? for over a minute. i feel the end is near.i wish that when i lay down for bed i feel as comfy as i do when i first wake up in the morning.i dun hate islam, coz nothin wrong with religion but i feel sorry for those people being used by elitist and hide behind ri feel like you're all in on a joke that's being kept from me. maybe i'm the joke.may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouragedi'm just enjoying being engaged for now lol haven't picked a date yet! and yes..god is #1 . why i feel marriage is important .
i wanna tweet in caps lock forever but i feel obnoxious
have you ever been so alone, so hopeless in your life? thats how i feel rn
me (human being with severe anxiety): i will have a 5-shot coffee me: oh no why do i feel weird :(
i feel that luck is preparation meeting opportunity. - oprah winfrey #quote
i feel bad for tbh
i feel like the person that i was is dead and im existing in an empty shell of a body but at least that empty shell looks good lol
hello. i feel like homuposting. so i'm going to do just that.
i hate to say this, but i feel a coup coming on...
i trust in you, but i feel scared.. how could it called trust?
i feel like complete <bleep>.
i feel everything so so deeply or nothing at all
i feel like ive had a headache for the past five months
i feel like that's just the perfect song to be bumping to so early in the morning
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
you seemed tired with me recently and i feel it
you understand how i feel!!! my mom does the same
i feel sorry for my future boyfriend cause ima rap every nicki minaj song to him , he gon get tired of me
we used to be pretty close! i miss you! i feel like we haven't really talked in forever! let's catch up soon!
i feel really happy when i see you, because when i look at you and see your smile, it also makes me have a smile.
i never get sick so when i get sick i feel like i am dyiiinggg sos
everyone saying "oh he did this with my oppar/uknee so im happy!" yall hes homophobic, i feel sad for the lgbt+ commu
i feel great...which naturally means i'm alone and needing to sleep soon
lol i feel you though
idk how i feel about this snapchat update
this makes me so happy b/c i get terrible cramps but i feel like i should push through them or something
my heart is beating so fast. i feel like it's going to come out of my chest.
i feel mad hurt that someone couldn't tell me about the new person in their life. especially if they were in my inbox a few days ago....
i feel but i am not attached..
i feel like i'm in a show. cause i'm in love with my friend
"i feel like there's some sort of sarcasm involved." -@ej_monkey "no. it's just a flat out lie." -@hawkminer
reason being i've been holding the tiny joycons for weeks now. so whenever i hold an xbox one controller, i feel like i have the possession
fml me too i feel ya i can never sleep in lmao
#strangethedreamer by laini taylor a highly hyped book that i don't enjoy. i feel distant from the characters and story
i definitely need some kind of pick me up right now?? my mood is such <bleep> and i feel really dumb about it :/
i'm here for something greater.. i feel it..
i spose, but i feel like some ppl might find that weird? idk!
i feel empty af up here
ahhhhh haven't taking <bleep>s in a while i feel great
i feel a lot better seeing wilson in the 9th compared to l-rod
this little girl came to my meet and greet and asked me what my name was i feel humbled and kind of star struck by her ??
i feel highly disturbed by it because im being really obnoxious in public but also i was blackout drunk
i feel like "the end" by kings of leon needs more recognition for being such a great song.
so true its good..now i feel like im gonna miss the class instead of being just too lazy to come in the morning :(
yes, and i feel insulted by quran because it denies the crucifixion of jesus which is the foundation of my faith.
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
please stop swinging the camera back and forth, i feel sick.
you don't see it the way that i feel it
i wish cody's phone would've died at that concert but man i feel like i was there because of the never ending snapchats
man i feel rough. tonsillitis brewing.
i feel i miss you.. i feel i love you.. but sometimes you make me being hurt.
yo people spam me with notifications so i feel emotionally pleasure when i tie on my phone tomorrow, gn
i feel like chorro con sangre today
oh i feel that pain and don't forget the banana for that camping trip.
i feel bad for any girl who gets dress coded, they should fr be able to wear whatever tf they want
hope tomorrow goes well! i feel like somethin will go awkward and all!
21000 words into hotel holly and i feel... so bad #amwriting #horror #novel #writerslife
i feel bad for julio
but something strange deep inside of me is happening i feel unlike
it's 7 am and i feel like tearing up, that's how soft i am
too real when i feel.. what my heart can't conceal..
i feel yu
rogers. i got it guys. it's rogers. i'm all good. i feel ten pounds lighter and now i'll be able to sleep
i wasn't having a good day but i started listening to the hsm soundtrack and i feel way better now lmao
i feel life for the very first timewhispers back. but i feel old.once i feel different about u, ur doneis the one in panorama city 24hrs???? i feel like it isn't bc it's fakehow are ppl not hyped for grad night? i feel like it's about to be the best thing of senior yeari feel you.i feel like you're doing a public service here.i feel like it's kinda stupid to think someone's gonna actually love u right when does that ever really happen if we're being honesti feel the lovelol nah i feel like you been 20 for 2 years nowlol imagine how i feel#theoriginals i feel like this klaus/ marcel drama is typical klaus. he has to control his loved ones when he fears he's losi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.i feel this so hard: "nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task." william james viai feel like i've really come into my own over the last year. i feel like i've gotten past my influences and am starting to know who i am.i feel really happy when i see you, because when i look at you and see your smile, it also makes me have a smile.i really hate venting. i feel like i sound ridiculous and no one knows where im coming from or how to help me.tonight was very special! i feel so honored to have been chosen to represent my school, colleaguesi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happenspent 8 hours at the library i feel so accomplishedopening up never satisfies me i feel worse ,i feel attacked namjoon looked so beautiful i am voting for bbmas top social artist award at the #btsbbmas htti feel attackedi feel like about 70% of our fandom thinks purple is truly namjoon's colour #btsbbmaswhere's the "i feel like your attacking me" memeomfg me. i feel like:me: i'm x gender because i feel it terf: wrong, chromosomes me: [science] terf: okay, <bleep> me: [science] terf: ok, beits the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesi vote for #btsbbmas top social artist when you're gone, i feel incompletesometimes i feel bad for all the haters cause they never even had a chance to be this dope.'cause this pain i feel it won't go awayi am shaking so much. i feel like i going to disapp- *disappear*i feel so good when i listen slow hands! this song is amazing!i feel antisocial af, why tf is my phone still in the shop.i say im fine but im going insane i say i feel good but im in pain i say it's nothing but it's really a lot i say im okay bboth irene and yeri doing aegyo and i feel like im watching two maknaes being cute. but in the end it felt like theyre mothi feel like i'm lying to myself and i don't even know what it ismay allah make my heart strong when i feel down.i'm not a talk <bleep> behind someone's back kind of person haha they usually know how i feeli can't go on social media anymore bc i feel like poop for not graduating "on time." ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhcomey: i'm investigating you for treason. trump: i feel i must fire you for how you treated hillary clinton. thanks for sa<bleep> passed away today and i feel like part of my childhood went with him too...for me, moreso. because i feel she uses her soft-spoken, little girl act to hide a truly malicious soul.#theoriginals i feel like this klaus/ marcel drama is typical klaus. he has to control his loved ones when he fears he's losing them.i feel uselessi am the luckiest. i have the greatest friends and family in the world. i feel so fortunate for the positivity and love they add to my lifei feel like i haven't seen winner in yearswhen i'm sad, i feel that every heartbroken song was written just for me. #womanpowerdj gets me so mad then i feel hella bad and wanna talk to him right away lmao gotta be a tough bih thoughim sad bc i miss raul :( even though i saw yesterday i feel like i havent seen him monthsi feel like talking my <bleep>the name feels strong and masc but also soft and caring and i feel like that fits me/who i want to bei feel ya :(i feel like <bleep> , goodnighti feel so bad for josuke he wakes up w no memories and all this <bleep> is happening to him omfgi feel content for the first time in a whilesometimes i feel like i have a big headsometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 secondsok, i don't know how i feel about "not today" jp version. sorry but it sounds funny; specially the ready, aim, fire #btsbbmwell i feel so broke up, i wanna go home.i am so happy. i'm sorry to everyone that keeps having to see this but i feel the need to document because i haven't been happy in so longmostly on my other locked account because i only let people i consider friends follow so when they sb i feel like its breaking that -i feel bad for anyone that has to deal with me bc i'm so annoying and relate everything to taylor swiftwhat the <bleep> is such a mood right now and i dunno why but i feel it deep down in my heart
i can't sleep with socks on, i feel like my feet are suffocating lol
i feel so crusty without my nails done
i feel so useless rn
i honestly don't know why i feel so bad rn
i feel this hoe nani
idk i feel like it's more but odk what it is
i'm up now. i think i feel better. probably was food poisoning. going vegan <bleep> it. lol
kehlani concert got cancelled. she's sooo sick. i feel so bad and so sad because i might not be able to see her again #sss
i feel like a lil kid watching this . good night
this how i feel bout the whole situation in d.c.: was the timing wrong for the firing? yes. was the firing warranted? yes.
poor jungkook, he was just being his normal extra self when suddenly got hit with the jumping rope.. i feel bad for laughing
yes i feel that hama is lucas alter ego
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i feel like it was meant to be more
girl i feel bombbbb , but thank you love
out of body that's how i feel when i'm around you shawty
i feel like i constantly annoy everybody. sorry
not having a phone is somehow both incredibly relieving and unbelievably stressful. its almost been three weeks and i feel so disconnected
sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.
i feel like watching shottas
i feel watching #godzilla vs. #hedorah today is a must--i imagine many fans may be doing the same collectively this week
i feel so empty and useless
austin mahone : only my shadow knows how i feel about you me : this song. right in the feels yo inner me : gaaaayyyyyyyy fml
woah i feel u
"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel an
i feel like i'm living a life that isn't mine.
i got type 1. i feel like its pretty accurate but i can't figure out how sargon fits in that category
i feel like you <bleep> if your read receipts off but that's just me
everytime i hear on the i feel like i'm listening in on two friends catching up over a cup of coffee. #heynow
im speechless. you are so pretty omg i feel like trash
that just <bleep>ed me up...i think i feel it
every time i play xb1 i feel 10 times slower than ps4
everytime i hear the word "derp" i feel a bit more suicidal
that's incredible stuff from mercer. i feel badly for watson - he deserved much better tonight.
"i want to sleep until i feel better."
ifeellikeatinybirdwithabigsong! - jerryvanamerongen
when i look into the eyes of an animal i do not see an animal. i see a living being. i see a friend. i feel a soul... ht
it's beyond frustrating not being where i feel i should be in life
if i feel like your interests elsewhere or you switching up on me, i'll fall back slowly but surely
i feel like we need the piss tape now more than ever.
i may not bt leaders shud give smart promises that they can deliver. i feel for pple when they are duped with false promises.
i feel like a <bleep> for trying to lob my baddest <bleep> to a lil <bleep> boy ): i'm so so sorry...can't apologize
idk why but having small <bleep>s i feel like i'm a guy or whatever in between because i don't feel them sometimes, okay it's weird to say it
<bleep> i feel super fat no mames
i feel like a zombie when i wake up
i'm hella needy too, i feel you!!! lol
sometimes i feel like i'm the only one that really laughs at my snapchats lololol
i feel like spongebob
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
i feel as the only person who actually wants me to be with that certain someone is maddie and it <bleep>s knowing only one friend does
"i feel like an exposed nerve of a broken tooth"
anytime i spend more than 9 bucks at a fast food spot i feel like a dumb <bleep>
2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouraged
whenever i hear anyone arguing for slavery, i feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally. abraham lincolni feel like i am gonna cry i <bleep>ing hate injections so so muchi feel so welcomedi remember my prof saying glasses with transition lenses are. tacky and lame but !!!! i feel 99% better knowing my crush has them tooi feel like bradbury and duarte get hit with a lot of wildlifeeverything's changing up on me. like a redo of everything... i feel it's not for the worse tho. it's all good. better things to comei feel dati wanna murder somebody. up close, with a knife. i crave it, i feel it's natural. definitely on my bucket list.<bleep> passed away today and i feel like part of my childhood went with him too...q: how do you feel about the first stage as exo-cbx in japan? bh: "i feel that there arent only the japanese.." (if i feel disrespected, i have the right to speak upi feel this on like every single levelsometimes i feel i try so hard and never get anything in returni feel like writing love letters who wants oneconvinced myself i overdosed on water and have sodium deficiency and my head hearts and i feel really weird and sicki feel like posting some of my drafts. remember - these are the tweets that didn't make it. do not judge me. these are rejecmay allah make my heart strong when i feel down.i feel like i hardly even go to campus these daysi feel like none of this information is going throughi feel like ever since the united dragging incident passengers are so much more daring and are always back chatting to me these days ?i really hate venting. i feel like i sound ridiculous and no one knows where im coming from or how to help me."i feel like a popped piece of gum"i feel blessed having 2 pizza cutters in the house.i miss him idc what nobody say it ain't for y'all to know how i feeli feel... strongerright??? i feel like cause i start to relate too much? so im like no chara a would agonize for days about what chara b meantany other part of canada i feel like i'd be thrilled with this combo of lib, ndp, green. bc is political backwards-land.i feel virile without face moisturizer onwhy do i feel like this? hayy..i feel so bad for robbut i feel better when i'm dancing.also: every day i thank granblue for all the hot <bleep>in dads they have put out. thanks, granblue. i feel kinda attacked but thanksi feel so emptyi feel personally attacked honestlyhow i feel every time i goi feel crappy inside, like something just broke.. #aldubxdtbypordalab ninja@10mos&amp;projecti feel like i can't breathe sometimes.its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesi feel bad for people who don't sleep nakedi feel like all the friendships i've made here aren't real. everyone already has their squads and i'm here like... no new friends.voting for at #bbmas top social artist award #btsbbmas i feel so complicated (i breathe out) did i make any misi feel like lucy and ethel at the conveyor belt in the chocolate factory except the chocolates are sudden new violationsi feel like killing somebody's vibe...i feel attacked namjoon looked so beautiful i am voting for bbmas top social artist award at the #btsbbmas htteverything is ok but i feel like i'm drowningdon't know if i feel like reading or writing tonight?i can't sleep at all , i feel so badi've seen mom cry and it hurts me so idk what will i feel if i saw dad cry for the first time. i've considered him the strongest among us.i feel so much peace for letting go. i can sleep at night betterim getting so many old adobe programs that i feel like i might crash my laptop at some point haha...every time i close my eyes in the shower i feel like i am going to be attackedi feel like the 6 needs a proper radio station that understands the culturesometimes i feel like im catfishing ppl because on social media i look decent half the time but in reality im a hot mess that dgafi've grown so much as a person. honestly i feel so proud. i never knew i'd be saying this one day. but i'm happier than i've ever been b4when u about to make a decision that might hurt s/one pls ask yaself this. "what if someone does the same thing me. how'd i feel?"but when he smiles i feel like a lil child when he saysgirl u honestly just put into words the way i feel about youi feel like cryingi feel old haha.hate that i feel like i'm losing all my friendsu seem very hardworking and i feel like your emotions really show through your face so i know when to just leave you alone keke fighting!i feel you.. why is he so good?? t t #btsbbmassometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 secondsyears ago i wouldn't leave the house without a full face of makeup and now i feel my best w/o itthat is the worst thing ever i feel very sorry for you i thought they were real to that just really <bleep>si feel like dyingi feel so so alone and i don't even have a private place to cry on this ward follow for more fun and relatable contentmy teacher from 7th grade just sent me a childrens' day message. i feel young lolomg esprit v8, i feel old nowi hate when i eat too much. i feel queasy and my 4-pack disappears.i wish i can stop the pain i feel right now but i can't.
me: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel better
i wanna tweet in caps lock forever but i feel obnoxious
i feel so guilty when i eat
i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
why i gotta be such a failure man i feel like <bleep> rn
i did . i forgot , i still dont remember but i feel like you were playing it wrong anyways
q: how do you feel about the first stage as exo-cbx in japan? bh: "i feel that there arent only the japanese.." (
jazz makes me happy i feel like i'm floating in heaven
the ppl in our country are in hypocrisy at its best this is all so insane i feel like throwing up
lrt ahh i feel it on my head, plz wear helmets they keep your head from getting squished on the road
i'm going to go ghost on everyone pretty soon i feel .
"she has inhuman powers now? can we get a break please?" i feel ya,
i feel cool for coming up with that right now, ngl.
i feel fortunate to be in a position to help some overcome religion. a lovely note-last line:"now we have no religion and we
god i feel so bad
i feel so embarrassed.
for the 1st my gym session made my vomit never in the whole 10 years ive been training has this happened to me, i feel weak
i wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.
how do i tell my parents i want to take a gap year without them thinking i'm a complete and utter failure because that
once i feel different about you, ya done.
i feel so old right now.
i'm real laid back cool but once i feel disrespected i get crazy.
well i feel the same way hun.
i feel like i would be great as hillary clinton's anger translator.
i feel attacked
i feel like i can relate to you
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel like i need to have a very long cry but it wont solve any of my problems
rn i feel like so many maj. capitalist org. get away with doing the pepsi commercial w.o. the backlash. so, feeling kinda jaded.
i feel somehow called out
damn, i feel good.
i'm bored and hungry and i feel wide awake but yet soo tired. i confuse myself
i mean you can obviously, and i sort of enjoyed them, but i feel as though the plots kind of strained
i feel so sad for english otome fans that game was so good it's such a travesty
this v and w swap is something which annoys me too. so i feel you :p
i realized that due to stress i was eating too much beer and pizza. so i spent $20 on some fresh green to detox myself. i feel better more
i ate a lot today for the first time since being sick and i feel weird and full lol bless up for eatin good
why do i feel like si jimin tinatry isave sarili niya from suga's hands. but then it's too late na.
you know how i feel about those two
i feel like lucy and ethel at the conveyor belt in the chocolate factory except the chocolates are sudden new violations
7 years today since i left school. wow i feel old
i feel a bit sick upon learning this!
idk ah i feel like deactivating my ig bcs legit i feel damn ugly like theres no point ah bye ah
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.
my nails are all nasty bc i took my acrylics off and i feel so ugly
i feel lucky but i know i'm high key dirty
i feel bad for people who lost someone who saw their flaws and were still mad in love with them. you'll never find someone like
sometimes i feel not good enough for love and affection
ya i feel you, abbie loring listens to him too lol
i feel the same birthday as hitler....
i feel like it right now.....
i feel you dude just keep working hard
"i'm so drunk i literally cannot i feel it in my toes" -
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
happy bday you're a brilliant and profound artist and person i feel lucky to be apart of both. im a fan of
i can't even believe how sick i feel rn i am legit holding back tears
"the pictures that you sent me, they're still living in my phone. i admit i like to see them, i admit i feel alone." #lockbot
i feel like people don't really realize im a good person with good intentions..
my family and everyone always think it's a joke. but in reality i feel so lost and alone
why do i always feel like whatever i do is pointless, if i do anything i love and enjoy someone does it 100% better than me and i feel sad
stop i feel bad i can hear his heart breaking from wherever he's hiding
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
i feel like i'm surrounded by monsters.
it's so hard for me to stay in one single mood i feel 20 different moods everyday pero what's new
what we're showing here is consistency. that kns movies (all and not just one) are box office hits. i feel so proud!
we worked so hard in class tonight. 5 new songs...my mind was working overtime and i feel like i lost 5 lbs in sweat, lol.
i think i did the right thing, but i feel lousy...i feel like with male idols fansites stick longer cuz they generate more income cuz stans are more <bleep>why do i feel like thisi feel like the world just loves creating a stir look at trump, brexit etc. it's like how can we piss everyone off todayi took a long shower and i feel so good but i want to sleep instead of doing hwyou're certainly expert at it. i feel like you understand the story instantly.i feel like that was a weak final like come on #thechallengei feel you, like how does one even talk to a camera without feeling awkward or "vlog" in public.i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmasi feel like i'm the only person who doesn't like cheetosno cricket tonight. i feel kinda empty inside #whereuatjiminy ?i feel bad for jimmy - cracking all that corn and nobody cares.i feel like my finsta is filled with so many like journal entries of times i don't want to remember anymore. do ii feel homesick for a place i could barely call homesometimes i feel i try so hard and never get anything in returni feel like your super obsessed with gifs and just post them and make stuff up. lol!i hate my followers who follow less than 200 people because then i feel all they see on their tl is me.wait what... when did the president of korea switch to ... how should i feel about that...not even once you get how i feeli feel like i'm the only one who has ever seen the movie drop dead gorgeouslook man i'm addicted to twitter and anime girls. besides, i feel like <bleep> every morningi feel so sad for rob dyrdekhey i'm making a thread about anime girls i love because i feel like i talk about dudes way too oftengod grant me the courage not to give up on what i think is right, even though i feel it's worthless good morning friendsi feel alright when i'm tripping with youi feel likei feel so crusty without my nails donethat is exactly how i feel!! better hurry up and warm up!at this point, i feel like is dropping smth everyday. i feel spoiled and loved, thank you. #bloodsweattears #btsbsomeone stole my fav pair of sneakers, i feel so sad :(i'm real laid back cool but once i feel disrespected i get crazy.i feel ya :(i always thought that tuna was popular but i feel like not many people even know about it as a toppingi have so many thoughts and i know exactly how i feel but i can't put it into words and it's so frustratingjust got this massive wave of sickness and i feel like am gunna pass out. guess that means no college todaystop this, i feel warm all over omgi feel like once mengden or bassitt is ready we'll give cotton a breaki still don't believe <bleep> passed away. i feel like it's a cruel jokeyeah... me too. i feel more serious about it this time but still... we shall seesarah is reading to me in french and i feel like my brain is scrambled rnhappy the spurs won, but i feel way more comfortable with gasol in the post than aldridge.its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesi wanna tell you how i feel, but im scared. scared of being hurt again, scared of you not feeling the same and scared ofi feel bad for taylor.. she said they didn't have nap time... what is life???i feel like my childhood has been stained. i will truly miss <bleep>. my prayers to his family and friendsi feel like i need to write up about some obscenely personal feelings about haru's character arc but i'm, well, terrible at writingi vote for top social artist music awards #btsbbmas i feel we are connected , hobi, bcz we tent to hide our saomg why do i feel like thishow do people fall asleep at 9 or 10 every night?? i feel accomplished if i fall asleep before 2 amwhen i have more than one or two unread texts i feel so overwhelmed like who is texting me? what do you want? leave mei feel like i just been hit by a damn bus bro i'm sore af.i feel like no one ever wins these giveaways, and that it's just a way to get followersi want to cry cause i feel so <bleep>ing stupidi feel free namani feel like i'm either nonchalant af or super emotional. no in between loli got 5 cups in a row on cup pong and i feel accomplishedi feel so much better, i had to let that hurt goi feel like a toddler if i dont wear lipsticki feel like i just don't have any purpose on this earth anymorei feel the same as you, bro...i feel like the world justbetrayed me <bleep> all of youi feel like if your grades or finances not together then partying and turning up everyday should be the last thing on your mind. frthe fact that in dear white people the university is called winchester university...... i feel so honoredwords can't explain how i feelomg i feel like craphow would you take it , if i show you how i feeli feel like people don't really realize im a good person with good intentions..i feel like the new guardians of the galaxy was way too longi dont know.... how am i... feel different in your eyes, all i know it happens everytimei feel like i'm done with this paper but then i feel like i'm not donenow i feel like going out but no one to go out withi feel like a whole new person with my dark hair againi feel so sicki just wanna make it home .. haven't slept i feel ima crash when i get in my bedwhy do i feel so <bleep>in alone2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouragedwhen will you clean up your room? &gt;when i feel like it.i voted for for the #bbmas top social artist award #btsbbmas lie i feel so far away
i've gained almost 60 pounds i feel like a jump back whale
nose piercing anxiety again: i feel like i should have had it pierced father back not as far forward as i got it???
i feel you
i feel like i legit am living in the matrix sometimes <bleep> trips me out
i feel so crusty without my nails done
the snapchat update kinda lit idk how i feel about the no limit thing though
i feel like i'm a good woman..my mouth is just slick my trust kinda bent but that's getting worked on.
i feel so nice mom i feel so nice i vote for for top social artist award #btsbbmas
<bleep> passed away today and i feel like part of my childhood went with him too...
i feel so attacked
i feel like a mum i'm so proud of ma boyz so i'm voting for as top social artist #btsbbmas
i'm about to just watch tv until i fall out cause i feel like i'm up by myself
token twenty one pilots post because i've not tweeted anything about them in forever, i feel like we broke up. also voti
i feel the exact same way girl
this is the night i fled and i do not want to be bound by anyone i feel that i could be free i
i feel genie is just stooping lower day by day sigh!!! nvm
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
eating a pound of cheez-its is not enough to fill the void i feel when i miss
i feel like <bleep> and look like <bleep>. let's do this
this is a very sobering chart. the world has a long ways to go. i feel very fortunate.
my biggest pet peeve on top of being ignored is when someone tells me how i feel...like no step back and stop telling
is it me or does every time i feel as if i'm getting closer , i find out i wasn't anywhere to begin with
i feel like
i feel like i'm on autopilot.
i feel like watchin moana..
i feel like fighting i'm very irritated
i feel so sick and upset rn like let me tell you
ima ask them tomorrow ima say do y'all like me? cause i feel like it's all fake
wow i feel awkward doing a serious tweet but i just wanna say i feel real good about my body this year been going on runs i feel great
all my dogs do is fart and it's so annoying i feel like i have 3 younger siblings
as india basks under the sunshine of solar energy, i feel glad for our punjab is also one of the leading states in thi
i just want unconditional love and i feel like it's never gonna happen
i feel like i keep saying this: republicans, this is your last chance to clean up the mess you made. act now or your party i
i feel a very disturbing presence
i feel it i do the same <bleep>
i feel less angry after venting so much. hence my 'fun facts' (see four previous posts).
you know how hard it is to ask for $ when you don't have any way to pay it back?! i feel sick to my stomach! i wanna puke! ...&gt;
i feel like you can always tell who the tour manager is based off their nike shoes and pissed off expression.
i feel that. have fun for us both!
i feel bad for anyone who missed this show tonight she was awesome and funny
yeah twitter is free and all but i just watched a video of a dude trying to breastfeed his minion toy so how do you think
i feel like wearing slippers to campus
i feel you me too i'm just saying if necessary i would but it isn't
i feel old. kids will never get to experience shows like rob big, viva la bam, mtv cribs, room raiders
my brother is re-watching star wars and asking me back story questions i feel useful
i feel like i'm actively on twitter for a few weeks and then i disappear from it for a months and then come back
now that you came into my life, i feel complete
also i feel rly gross and fake for trying to learn it, like im pretending to be someone im not and literally that makes no sense but
i feel like posting some of my drafts. remember - these are the tweets that didn't make it. do not judge me. these are rejec
i feel like america keeps getting fouled and the refs aren't calling it.
comey: i'm investigating you for treason. trump: i feel i must fire you for how you treated hillary clinton. thanks for sa
i just finished cleaning and organizing my basement and i feel so great. i'm ready to tackle tomorrow
i feel like that could be in the show!
i feel like a book i returned a long time ago isn't actually there.
you lack logic and intellect. i feel sorry for you.
not to be nsfw but i feel h*rny
i can't sugarcoat the answer for you, this is how i feel: if somebody kill my dog, that mean somebody gettin' killed h
i feel like there is a dark cloud over my head lately
i feel used
i feel so left in isolation of the uk!
it's a good feeling, i feel loved when it happens
i hate when i feel too much i hate when i feel nothing at all
because what you feel is what i feel
i feel you (i feel you) i touch you (i touch you)
i feel like i've been losing it lately.
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
i feel like i constantly annoy everybody. sorry
sometimes i feel pretty small.
i feel so tired. like i'm going to fall asleep any second. but i bet the second my head hits the pillow i'm going to be wide awake
i feel so sick
tbh some days i feel really good about myself, and today was one of those days
why do i feel so mf sick
i feel so sick fml
sometimes the blues hits me so hard i prefer to be alone and sort out my thoughts. i feel better now, so i'm back. :)
nobody understand the type of hurt i feeli wear none of my emotions on my sleeve. you will never know how i feeleeek! look how pretty her writing is! i feel like hand writing and cursive is a dying art. show me yours, friends! #wri'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thing[[ i feel both shimada would understand, hanzo cause of the guilt of killing a sibling unreasonably and living with it, genji from the-i feel intimidated. xdi feel weirdi feel like all my online friends think i'm thinner than i am and i'm ????? i'm not /that/ big but all my life doctors have told me i'mi feel sorry for gcse students, they have like 20 exams and i threw a strop bc i have 4"when i touched you with my small fingers, i feel so nice mom." i am voting for for top social artist at the #bbmas #btsbbmasi feel persecutedwhy thank you its because my sisters called evie so my parents wanted my name to match hers i feel abusedstay happy by blocking me and without me, i don't deserve you. i'm a fool! :((( you don't really care and miss me. i feeli can be goofy, nasty, a sweetheart, a savage, an <bleep>hole, sarcastic, or whatever mood i feel like at the momenti feel so happy for no <bleep>ing reason when i see youi never cared how the next feel or think if i feel how i feel i put it out nmw it isi feel personally attacked by guardians of the galaxyi wish i can explain to you how i feel, because every night before i go to sleep, you are all i think about.....have a great day and you know how i feel. not ready to say goodbye yet. see you soon. lrigh t??? like what the <bleep> i feel so attackedi feel like my legs are gonna fall offpeople who fight over phones period are weird unless you have some busted flip phone i feel like you goodsometimes i think about how so many people haven't heard pageant yet and i feel v sad for themi can ride the gratification train for the entire summer for getting 5 likes and 1 retweet for one tweet, i feel so cool, thank you friendsi feel your energy more than i feel your wordssometimes i feel bad that my wife has to deal with someone who cries a lot and gets emotional but i don't think she minds too muchits the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesi feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of ei feel your pain.hey(: i miss you and we need to hang cuz i feel like were not bffs): but yeah youe uhmazing i love kayleisame <bleep> different industry.. minorities: we want more representation them: omg my privileges!! i feel attacki feel like puking bruhhhremember what em said "she broke my heart.. i could hear it crack inside me" yeah that's how i feelmay allah make my heart strong when i feel down.i feel like mary is the only person that i can watch trashy reality shows with.i feel like we've been following each other forever! you're my fave and the cutest"i want to sleep until i feel better."i hate wanting to be the only one cause i feel selfish, i'm just really in love with this kid. i hope i'm not getting strung alongi feel like navigating hip hop as a woman (esp an aware woman) is complex but avoiding it completely is unrealistic, towhere is bob owens grave at i feel like taking a pissi ain't too hard to tell you how i feeli don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need somethini feel like that's one instrument i would be able to play really well bahahai'm so annoying when my baby's tryna sleep, but i just can't help that i feel so protected in his arms it's the only way i can sleepi feel like a <bleep> victimi feel the exact same way about my bachelor's degree.i feel bad for any girl who gets dress coded, they should fr be able to wear whatever tf they wanti feel blessed cause every bad situation i've been through i always get through it and i'm still herei feel sorry for people who don't drink. when they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel alli feel this on a spiritual levelhow do i stop my body from giving up on me when i wake up? i feel so drained :(tbh i feel a little like ethan saying all this hahahi feel matrix partners has more reputation than saif in ecosystem but it seems they are maintaining strategic silence in current scenario.i feel like a new person every time i change my state of mind and remind myself what's really important
i feel sick i'm so scared for today
haha i feel ya. one day. maybe ppl will be less prudent and can handle you
if i dont see at least one vv person every day i feel like i might die hahahaa rip amrite fellas
i feel like i've not had a good nights sleep in years
i feel like on a fat boy scale imma fat boy dime, because i'm low key swole loll, and high key a athlete
i feel wise
listening to i feel it coming - the weeknd feat daft punk
agree - i feel like the world is broken! how long until we can live on mars?
i feel so good rn
lmao i feel it. i had no words. none.
i feel like we shldnt have to stop at red lights driving after 2:30am.
i feel so alone and sad
i feel like i should be asleep
i feel helpless.
i know i feel asleep like 30 mins after the video was posted
i feel like my tweets are the opposite of making a contribution to society, as they should be
#africanparentsinameme i feel like we where raised by the same parents, gosh our parents are comedy goals this
never come close to how i feel
while this loadout idea is very close range oriented, i feel like it'd be broken af. kohm, gammacor, kronen/nikana/dragonnikana
anyway i feel like people who mind what they say too much are actually boring. don't you want charismatic people in your business?
at this point, i feel like is dropping smth everyday. i feel spoiled and loved, thank you. #bloodsweattears #btsb
i feel like <bleep>
asking a classmate for the answers on a test them: um i don't think i feel comfortable-- me: um i don't think i feel comfor
why i feel like you pointing fingers?
i feel like i just thought of a genius plan. gonna go get hit by a car in deep ellum and catch this small settlement of a million dollars
i feel like if i get a tattoo on my arm i'll look more manly
i wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.
i feel burdened
i feel like a white man stole my xbox, but it's ok school start back in the fall and i'm rey ruin yo life
i feel ur pain today lol
you guys may not know how amazing it feels to listen to songs in native language like me i feel so proud
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
yeah i still don't know how i feel about the ending, you'll realise when you get to it
i feel like dying after i read the theories vote for in #btsbbmas
i feel for you, but when did you believe you were alone? #topbbmas
mama, did you know that song on #eurovision17 i feel a tad old now. johny logan was around when i was a kid.
i hate yelling at ppl that i care about, i feel so ugly n mean n bad, but i get frustrated easily!! i cant help it! im <bleep>
i feel like a pile of <bleep>ing trash!!!!!!
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i feel burning hatred in the pit of my soul tbh. no ragrets lmao
i feel good namadlavu wam
i feel like the family been fakin.
why do i feel sad right now
sometimes i feel like im too much to handle when i get emotional i feel like a burden
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
i'm voting to for top social artist award #btsbbmas i didn't sleep tonight... i feel like dying
same. i feel you.
i feel so numb
today i feel like everything is wrong, just feel like s***. 1 wk to #aclop #aclrecovery #aclreconstruction #getmebacktothemountains
this uber is all over the <bleep>ing road. i feel like i'm in a school bus on the way to the city on a field trip
i feel like on sg2 we will get a lot of shading and i'm here for it <bleep>es
sometimes i feel like angela from the office. sometimes i feel like erin from the office. the rest of the time i feel like m
i feel like #buhle #noma and #malusi need to get into a room. decide on what they're going to tell us. get it over with and
i feel like listening to uan but i sincerely don't wanna kill myself tonight
i feel so relieve after got the ticket with this points method.. i feel more secured too
this week has been so <bleep>ty, i feel so stressed all the time
i feel like i've already made a tweet similar to this bc i'm him trash but
hah i feel you man, the odd timing of things sometimes can make you wonder
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i feel so drained when people want too much of my attention
we are watching history. i really hope we as a nation can recover from this. i feel like we can. this will restore patriotism. #impeachnow
if i never own a dog of my own ever in my life. i feel like i failed, the one thing i want to do most is adopt one give them a home
why do i feel that is being discriminatory? it is picking up mostly pretty faces as "people you may know."
i feel you in silent heart throbs
baby, baby, i feel crazy up all night, all night and every day give me something, oh but you say nothing
if i wasn't going away then i'd go for rt......... ah well! no toothache at mo, just sore and jaw/earache. i feel ok x
<bleep>in apparently i feel u in theory personain't had fast food in a lil over a month no tree in 3 weeks and no beer/liquor in 2 weeks. with 7 weeks of working out, i feel good loli feel youit was ,, u know going alright but now i feel very :\\\\\\\\mingyu : im gonna be honest, i feel like you dont like me wonwoo : i've told you multiple times that i dontmy <bleep>ing face hurts. my head hurts. i feel like i've got a fever. jayde won't go to sleep. i just want part of a cig. but no that's tooi feel like i'm in a dream. i'm drowning i'm drowning what's happening i know woose i think i'm dying my spirit is othrowing pies in faces is just what i feel like doing to people who use that stupid, ever-agglutinating acronym #lgbt indeed!i feel so incomplete...l u hi feel like youre not eating the right place but rather fear that it will be tomorrow where your li 9dd914ffmy whole life is that one kim k meme where she goes "why would you say that, you know how i feel.."i feel <bleep>ually <bleep>aulted. omg let me leave this place first.sometimes i feel insane, in the house trying out levitationi'm not a bird any more,but i feel like i'm flying. - ingridi feel taught i can't believe you lot have such a recall for refs!i feel crappy inside, like something just broke.. #aldubxdtbypordalab loklahoma city on netflix: i feel like u will love the angry separatist mcveigh stuff, would talk abt him on ebplast i feel attackedddi feel like posting some of my drafts. remember - these are the tweets that didn't make it. do not judge me. these are rejecwhenever i feel bad about having a messy computer desktop, i will think of this anonymous board member. htti feel so stupid for getting so attached to temporary peoplei'm lit n i just wanna paint while i feel incrediblei feel like i go out of my way to be good enough but it seems like good enough is never enoughi feel like is only giving shine right now because he had a set at #rollingloud3i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. confirm attendancei feel you t!!i feel like i have a hangover and i didn't even drink last night...sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.but i'm into doing what i feel like doing when i'm inspired.we'll live a moment like this on may 21, i know it, i feel it, bts owns 2017 and nobody can tell me otherwise. i vote fough yes i feel ya, <bleep>ignment dreadi feel like it's an excuse to just be like i hear your cries "but": i feel like we could have that friendship where we could flame on each other and not getting <bleep>hurt! we need toi feel terribleits the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies"i'm a family guy.the time i spend wid my mother is most precious time for me.i feel whatever publicity i'm gettin isi feel ya on this, i can't focus very well. ;a;omg my film went live on youtube and i feel like a youtuber nowi feel like dying after i read the theories vote for in #btsbbmasmoments wherein i feel voidi feel so miserablemy cd names are literally how i feel, 'you'll rate me when i'm dead', 'some kind of hate', 'publish this'i feel like i keep some things to myself cause i'm scared of what the outcome might bei feel like i dont know taehyung at all.i feel like deleting all ur photosfor real though, i feel so lucky to have made all these amazing friends though xenoblade this past year i love you guys to pieces5 more episode how can i feel the 7 yrs of watchingif you feel uncomfortable with them ok. sometimes i feel like that.forgive me. i feel it again...another sneeze...i feel like the next kylie pop up store will be las vegas or miamii feel sorry for the people who follow medaily while on the way and back from office i listen the podcasts and i feel it is a good learning as well as time pass.i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happenin metro- girl : every time you smile, i feel like inviting you to my place. boy : awwww. . are you single ? girlnct night night 170509 johnny: it ur 1st time right? jaehyun: its my 1st time doing presidential voting.its a bit confusilol i feel toui dont judge. i just say what i feel.feel something all i feel is pain. someone kept telling me it was okay to feel, that's it's our emotions that make us humi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year. confirm attendance//i feel sorry that there's nothing i can do to helpgirl i feel this tweet on so many levelssometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 secondsim not in the snk fandom anymore but holy <bleep> someone cosplayed cellist!eren from my comic last year??? boi i feel so loved rni feel like beyonce gon pop those babies out by the end of the week. wouldn't be surprised if it was in the next couple dayi feel <bleep>ing roughthere is so much crap going on around me i feel like i can't breathety. i feel it might be too soon for flannelette sheets but i <bleep>ing love thembaby, i think about you and i feel it, deep in my heart maybe we just ain't meant to be something maybe we are?i feel like everyones in school right now! maybe i should wait a little :)"yup....that's why i feel down."wallah. i feel so different now tbh. wanna cancel my trip idk why am i even listening to you apnay parents ki nahi sunione more paper to write, and 2 more finals i feel good
i feel great about it but i would feel even better if they perform #btsbbmas
i feel this
i feel so sick /:
mate. i feel you. i only recently realised how ugly i am.
i'm getting so disrespectful if i feel disrespected. make a <bleep> wish she never said nothing in the first place.
look as bad as i feel
i feel like buying my acl ticket already
as a media person i feel ashamed when tv channels proudly announce, that we were the first one to give u the news of dead
i feel so attacked right now.
i don't know how most people start at 9am everyday i feel shattered already and this is a one off
i feel like i'm the highest in the room, i feel like i could <bleep>ing kiss the moon-8-
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i feel so sorry for everyone on my recents on snapchat lol
surprisingly, i don't really give a <bleep> either. i feel like i should, but i don't.
at this point, i feel like is dropping smth everyday. i feel spoiled and loved, thank you. #bloodsweattears #btsb
i feel like <bleep> again hi
home and i feel so sleepyyy
lrt i feel like the annoying person 100% of the time lmao
"niggas see me in person, first thing they say is "i know you need a break". hell naw, i feel great. ready now, why wait
i feel really unlovable. like i'm deadass never going to find anyone who loves me for me. that's crazy
whenever all my social medias are dead, i feel like i have nothing to do w my life.
i feel bad for bara furries who are attractive irl cus they always get aggressively begged for <bleep>s by twitter randos
just want to cuddle and sleep, i feel so bad
i feel terrible. happy belated birthday! hope your day was special!
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
why do i feel so off
haha! no but honestly i don't hate birthdays....i just feel empty at times cuz idk....i feel like i could do more
you ever feel like you give all your energy to others and they drain you so much of everything you are bc i feel that's me alw
i feel like that dude from house of wax, when his friend tries to pull the wax off to save him and it ends up pulling his skin off.
yes, i feel the same way as you. &lt;3
in metro- girl : every time you smile, i feel like inviting you to my place. boy : awwww. . are you single ? girl
everyone seems to be happy with ra.one in los angeles...i feel so touched & happy. now off to delhi for formula1 & lady gaga sh
i feel like adverse resolve isn't that good....crit hit up when surrounded...
i feel like you've spent the past several days brainstorming a new antichrist movie on twitter and i am on. board.
i hate yelling at ppl that i care about, i feel so ugly n mean n bad, but i get frustrated easily!! i cant help it! im <bleep>
i feel a little faint, i might need a nurse ;)
i feel myself becoming less important to people as every single day passes
im not even trying to figure out how i feel tbh
i feel like japan would be one beautiful experience
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
and i feel like this year is really about, just the year of realizing stuff
i feel like the fact that the first subpoenas have been issued in the trump/russia investigation is not getting the atten
the weeknd ft. daft punk - i feel it coming (clean)
i feel like america fenna turn into china the way these mfs been making babies out here
i feel so much better knowing theyre not interested. now i can move on with my life not be paranoid and continue tweetingthe word "sad" doesn't really describe what i feel anymore because i feel much more than just sadi feel un-necessary now... ....i feel ui'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingi .. i killed the bug and now. i feel really guilty..i feel as though it's your unconscious mind telling you you're not over somethingi feel a lot better than i did, but now i'm sad because he has it and it's literally nothing you can do except endure the pain.i feel for you, if access to that basic thing is a problem, i dread to think what other issues you currently have.i feel like i'm dying sosi feel like a stupid white guy for having to ask, but can someone tell me what the <bleep> this hand sign means? my coworkesee, i love kasabian and i'm on the fence about their new stuff. it's very un-kasabian i feeli love how all my friends and people i know do so much about music, like music is their life. i feel so connected and ini deserve so much. i feel like i missed out on a lot blinded by fake love!dude is detroit big seans' best work? i feel like it is.i feel like sleeping on the floor and not having a bed for the past month+ has made me a much more humble person.i can't be the only person who sorts their room out whenever i feel my life is a messi never get added to the cool people's chats. :( i feel so inadequate.i feel like i'm the most innocent one all of a sudden.sometimes i feel like posting how happy i feel about life but i feel like most of y'all will get annoyed by how "cliche" it all soundsi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.i feel so empty.kehlani concert got cancelled. she's sooo sick. i feel so bad and so sad because i might not be able to see her again #sssthank you for always guiding me when i feel really lost in the field. thank you for being a responsible kuya to all of us.and i feel 1000 x's better about iti feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.i feel like she doesn't except me.... that means she lied to mei feel like <bleep>why do i feel like there's no school, but i already went for my first lesson. leli feel some type of wayi feel that, today's the first time i've had them in like 5 yearssometimes i can't sleep because i feel so empty n i just wanna be held or somethini feel like the the in there isn't meant to be bc then it makes at least some senseyes i feel the same too about what you said on scwhat part did u play in any of the pain i feel and the hatred caused by misunderstandingsdead <bleep> tired and hungry and sleepy and whatsoever i cant even understand.i feel like im pregnant.i feel an unpleasant aura hanging in the air... everyone, please help with the reconnaissance.its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesi feel that i've let some major <bleep>ery slide. i feel like the progress i've made to be kind is being mistaken for weakneim seriously so grateful to park sungwoo fans i feel like it's their fan accounts and reactions getting tae his acknowlei... feel a lot calmer. is this a placebo or is this what she meant .-.i feel hot. which is rare.suddenly i feel so annoyed ...i feel like that when i watch my drunk snaps on my storyi wish i was encouraged more as a kid and told my ideas weren't silly or stupid, i feel like that would've helped me a loti feel sorry too. she is not defined for life by a few, (although wrong) twitter remarks she made as a minor.gym was successful. i feel <bleep>ing great!!i feel so honoured, gia misspelled my namei feel like i've watched it several times and you're one who hasn't seen a single episode.gosh, i feel like that soon enough i'm just going to get one of these but should be saving so have at it.i feel so sorry for him. look what at what he has become online.i can't sugarcoat the answer for you, this is how i feel: if somebody kill my dog, that mean somebody gettin' killed hwhy i feel like my heart finna meltand when i feel like this i wish, i wish i could shut it offi feel sorry for you! peace! your laugh says it all!i feel like milhousei feel like my voice is too annoying whyi feel like people don't know what gluten is. i mean, is it really necessary to put a 'gluten free' label on marshmallows?i'm so sorry kiwi ;0; i feel for you.i couldn't send that text because i gotta protect how i feel. can't loose the last bit of feelings i got lefti feel like i've been shown the light.i feel sorry for my phone2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouragedevery single day i feel uneasy and guilty thinking about the judgement dayi feel like i'm doing too much and never enough all at the same time.love is in the air. and i don't know if i'm just dreaming. don't know if i feel safe. wonder if cps will see their leader sackmy judgment; i feel the president is not begin fair, if he is selectively running is administrationyeah, i do! i guess i feel the same way.. for now let's just cross our fingers that they announce the dates todaydirect deposit and half of my tax refund hit my account at the same time i feel blessedpride. i feel so much damn pride reading this. i am so proud of all of us: fans, actors, writers, directors, etc. i am
i feel like my hearts those piggy banks you have to shatter when u really wanna get to it
i feel like it's the people across the hall... they have people coming over at all hours of the night and i reckon they go down to the
i feel sleepy.
i feel like when someone doesn't reply in like .2 seconds i'm 99.9% sure they've found someone better
it is.... also the eurovision youtube region blocks the videos so i have to use workarounds and i feel discriminated =-=
one day, once i finish reading this book to you...i feel as if all my threads will untangle.
i feel <bleep>in attacked
i feel like a mum i'm so proud of ma boyz so i'm voting for as top social artist #btsbbmas
i've been drinking so much water these past few days i feel like i've reinvented myself
my spanish room smells like bacon i feel nauseous
as a media person i feel ashamed when tv channels proudly announce, that we were the first one to give u the news of dead
"white hair? wow, i feel myself a lot more cool."
also i feel like yoongi was like ? a protector or smtg ? esp considering how originally he was supposed to cover jins eye
poor jungkook, he was just being his normal extra self when suddenly got hit with the jumping rope.. i feel bad for laughing
i feel fortunate to be in a position to help some overcome religion. a lovely note-last line:"now we have no religion and we
i feel like i'm gonna get surrounded like in those movies
bored. i feel like flaming one of yaw ugly <bleep> and might pick at random
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
yeah im not out so i feel uncomfortable in front of other people so idk i know its weird
i feel like i haven't been in a rp in like 500 years
someone literally just did that to me and i feel diseased
i feel so bad, i'm actually going to cry
i feel obligated to be honest and honorable with my content after watching and loyalty to the truth!
i feel like i'm out of my mind it feel like my life ain't mine
okay, i feel better.
i ate too many milk and cookies and now i'm in the car and i feel sick )-:
i feel rather let down it was only one font
#nowplaying i feel for you - chaka khan
driving this car every day is so ridiculous i feel like i'm just playing gran turismo every day and i can't stop nerdin
"hi haters, i'm back off hiatus/i feel just like you, i mean even i hate us"
but i didn't write about harry now i feel bad :(
i'm so hungry but i just ate something and i feel like throwing up
i feel really happy when i see you, because when i look at you and see your smile, it also makes me have a smile.
im not the one saying those things but i feel ashamed embarrassed
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
i should probably do this, i feel like i'm ready now
i do indeed! always guaranteed to brighten my day. i know you'll be back, i feel it in my water. lol <bleep>
i feel like <bleep> i wanna diee
my memes are appreciated!!! i feel validated.
i feel like a weirdo bc i enjoy animes that make me cry.
i feel like when i bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh. cause that ain't good enough... ()
what <bleep>ing bs did i just read. i feel so disgusted omfg.
i feel like god is putting me through this just to show me how strong i am
i feel nice numb
when someone insults harry potter i feel personally offended
why do i feel like this?
every time i look at the news about my government i feel like i'm living in an alternate reality is this really happening
today i feel like i have been more myself, and comfortable, than i have ever been before.
snacking at 3am is not the best idea, i feel like a bloated beached whale.
i feel their smiles on meeee
on sick leave but i feel like i'm still working calm yo <bleep>s!!!!!
i feel the same way about mine.
i'm shivering in the car i feel like i'm in an igloo dhsjsk
tbvh i feel like i will cry when i see chuckidz
i feel drained
first time i tak mad kalau die dating orang lain lol when choiza i feel like i want to kill him tho
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
i want to sleep until i feel better."
like there's times at night where i just cry and i can't stop and i feel lonely i feel useless i feel like a nobody
i feel like when someone doesn't reply in like .2 seconds i'm 99.9% sure they've found someone betteri feel youokay that's true ahah, i feel youlmao i feel thatonce i feel different about u, ur doneso going to try and stream more arena shooters, i feel like im trying to raise the <bleep>anic sometimes :s #twitch #supportsmallstreamersfinally chopped my hair i feel soooo much betterand i feel the fear in me and i don't wanna fall asleep when i turn into someone else i know that it can't be beatbut instead i just wrote a 3page paper (front and back) on how i feeli feel bad for kites afraid of heights.i feel cheerful just looking at it, you know~ ahh, i want to live right here...holy shdgjfk that edit got me going crazy im out of breath i feel blessedall i feel is resenti feel like <bleep> i'm on my period and my best friend isn't at school <bleep> todayi feel like kard gets a lot of bandwagon stanning. is that even a term though?i guess i am allergic to leather shoes. whenever i wake up with my shoes on, i feel terrible headachenow playing: conway twitty - blue is the way that i feel is on q106.8 country classics #nowplayingonqclassicsthere's a fine line between a lot of things and i feel like people really just disregard that line a lot in today's sociesometimes i feel like i'm never gonna learn 'cause the bottle is always there when i have nowhere else turni feel like mine may have been ruined for possibly the same reason...i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas i feel like i'm waiting for something that iwalking living legend man i feel like kobei feel so sad?? shoot mepak djarot, i feel you, pak. we'll stand stronger than before for pak ahok for our city, our nation. #paduwhenever i feel bad about having a messy computer desktop, i will think of this anonymous board member. htti feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awardsi feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.bts&amp;armybecause i feel no emotionsi feel attackedi feel like my friends from back home don't know bella/ haven't met her, but low key have because i snap her 24/7i feel like everybody hates me right nowi feel like i'm going to disneyland.. i can't sleeeeppi feel <bleep>ing useless rn tbhi feel like i should be more angry about may saying there are boy and girl jobs but what the <bleep> is happening in the us?i feel so bad again...its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesi choose to love u in silence bcs in silence i feel no rejectioni feel so naked w/o acrylics :(i feel you, i'm really regretting my venti espresso rni feel like that one meme of jim from the office where he is overwhelmed with happiness that is currently me right now at mproud is an understatement hahaahha omg im so proud but at the same time i feel so alsjdjsjsksks cause like i've been there duringthe last thing i feel like doing is cooking dinner.i feel empty inside of me this is a bad feeling really a bad one .both irene and yeri doing aegyo and i feel like im watching two maknaes being cute. but in the end it felt like theyre mothi feel like men go through so much more than they are really ever going to say because in their mind they think it makes them look "weak"i feel like that one meme of jim from the office where he is overwhelmed with happiness that is currently me right now at my girlfriendof course my druggy neighbours would start yelling at each other when i feel like my heads about to split openi feel sick with anxiety right nowi sold my first print through my store yesterday :d i feel really good about it and i want to do more thanks againsurprisingly i feel a lot betterin metro- girl : every time you smile, i feel like inviting you to my place. boy : awwww. . are you single ? girlits 4th day of not talking to my parents and i love it some how weird tho but i like it i feel so freei feel the love, veel the lo;enah i already took my sleep med and i feel it kicking inwords are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you #dtbydeliryoi never really get in depth with my life because it's so deep that i feel like people can use that against me at times.i feel like as time goes on i'm getting uglieryeah i feel the same way :)i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artisi feel ugly with hair. but i love high buns.one of my kids even gave me a chocolate as thanks i feel like a primary school teacher this morning.i feel like if we not working towards being together ain't no point.. we ain't finna be talking for months and years to jui feel my heart shriveling up and dying lmaoagainst my palms, brushing their way up my thighs. ugh.. when he takes his sweet little time. i feel my thighs push together firmly, +i feel so weak and sore, holy heck. dizzy and feeling really meh.i feel trapped in my uniformnow-now that our very democracy is on the line-now less than ever do i feel the need to "understand" the anger of working class trumpers.
once i feel like i'm not appreciated i will never hit you up again
i feel guilty everytime you say you miss me.
i feel so nice mom i feel so nice i am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas
i feel so crusty without my nails done
i feel bad for my ex bc i'm like so....cute
once i feel different about u, ur done
n lord knows that i'm blessed but sometimes i feel cursed #freekodak
i feel the same man a few weeks ago made 3 years since my brother cesar's accident
i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
i feel everything so so deeply or nothing at all
haha i feel so selfish but the line up is immense! #capitalstb
i feel like libtards are living cartoons at this point.
lmao i feel you man, what is sleep???
i feel sick, all we ever hear about is hitler in our history books what about the english, the french the spanish etc smh
mrrggghhh i feel so dead... good thing it's coffee break soon
now that finland flopped, i'm nervous. i feel like anything could happen.
thanks sweetie but i feel so ugly
i feel like a promoter somehow hahahahah
i love that we can have victories w/out everything constantly having to feel like it's about to go <bleep> like most i feel like many shows do
i feel sorry for myself.
i feel so stupid for getting so attached to temporary people
i really can't wait for exams to be over... i feel like am going crazy
i feel like i'm constantly waiting for something that isn't going to happen
i feel like i'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen.
i'm a firm believer in sticking up for what i feel is right, too many people these days let it go and get trampled on!
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
ohhhh yayyyy i feel special
haha i feel you sis
i feel sorry for people who think taco bell is authentic mexican food
read this y'all might do some help about your <bleep>ty show and save it cz i feel bad for the show bc i lo
i feel it coming bea
i feel so sick today
still watch this movie when i feel bored or want to laugh...need squeal...
i feel a gaze on me. following me.
(thank you, that's kind of you. do u mind to follow me back? maybe later i want to ask you if i feel confused(?))
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
i feel like if i google wat happened on 13 reasons why it's go tell me to listen to the tapes
i just wanna be in love i feel like i'm stealing by being content
i put my phone on dnd when nobody texting me just so i feel like there's a reason why im not getting any texts
of course he is indeed a visual. but i feel like he has a warm and beautiful soul as well. #btsbbmas
i feel like every time i find a good artist, i almost find out that they ship inc*st and it's the worst
i'm sorry for what happen about the standees. as a ph army i feel bad about it. #sorrybangtan_frompharmys
q: how do you feel about the first stage as exo-cbx in japan? bh: "i feel that there arent only the japanese.." (
what i post is how i feel
i feel like they sold out.
i feel no pity.
if you're havin autocorrect problems i feel bad for you son. i got 99 parabolas bit s butch saint omg.
these days its hard to meet women i feel like my love life is finished
i feel like if you claim you fw somebody you should never have them wondering what position they play in your life . gf/bf
i feel like i can't <bleep>ing breathe
i feel confident
waaaah !!! i feel you, insan.
i feel like huge portions of the country is waiting for that flight. we don't know what will happen when we land, but we are going there.
and now i'm sad v.v i feel like every furry in the community doesn't like me
cause honestly, i feel terrible in this life. ugh. some guidance please.
just wrote a test...and i feel like i'm gonna fail dismally..
the star head person from #eurovision haunted my dreams. i feel like a trainwreck.
my respect only happens when i feel like you are worthy of it, i don't care if you're older or my parent, only worthy ones.
times i feel like i've transported into other dimensions when i'm on yt: - watching kpop mvs pre 2013 - watching jpop and cpop
i vote #btsbbmas prepara o cypher so i'm not one to theory but...the mv..had bits of their solo piece, i feel. t
i say im fine but im going insane i say i feel good but im in pain i say it's nothing but it's really a lot i say im okay but
i feel like when someone doesn't reply in like .2 seconds i'm 99.9% sure they've found someone betterso sad, when i feel like cycling but the weather is badddelectrical engineering drained my soul ' _____ ' . i feel like it's rough to keep up even with only a year left for me.i'm pretty sure i feel every emotion about a trillion times harder than i'm supposed toi'm stressed. i know it! i feel it!when i'm with you, i feel like i'm a better person. i feel happier... less alone, less lonely.i feel like a mum i'm so proud of ma boyz so i'm voting for as top social artist #btsbbmasi need more tweets lol i feel so emptymy head was hurting so bad then i started listening to halseys' music and now i feel so much bettersometimes i feel sad but doesn't matteri feel so lucky i keep winning skdkdkhow could i.... be so stupid to tell you this wasn't real? be so eager to tell you just how i feel?this sprinterval workout was absolutely amazing this morning! it's only 4:45am and i feel more alive than ever #running #workouti feel asleep at like 10:45 now i cant fall back alseep i got seven hours alreadyi feel like a part of me died, but in a good way?i feel as if i have forgotten something very important.may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.why am i up right now? why did i only sleep for 1 hour? why do i feel the need to beat someone with a metal bat? what the <bleep> is going on?i feel this ill really run u over don't try me <bleep>esi'm afraid of people who keep smiling all the time. i feel like they still have plenty of space left for more bodies in their bikr i feel so bad for the kid. he was clearly affected by it. i hope he continued to stay strong after this"you are the rushing wind, and i collapse every time i feel you in my skin." -@clarabeninmusici feel like i'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen.thank god i feel better nowgo armys i feel like spring day was dedicated to me, therefore, i vote for for the top social artist award #btwhy do i feeli feel attacked namjoon looked so beautiful i am voting for bbmas top social artist award at the #btsbbmas httday 2. no internet on express intercity (pendolino). now we're talking - i feel at home already.i feel like im being watched progress 4 nature #artshow future gallery #art #painting #popsurrealism #natureart httoh <bleep> sorry i feel asleepyeah. because i feel hungry whenever i'm stressedum i feel....sick.i feel like theres also a weird 'children are pure and know nothing' mentality....its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies"i'm intact and enjoy my full <bleep>. #circumcision? no thanks! over my dead body! i feel lucky to have won the stupidest lottery ever." #i2i feel like what ever a woman post, a male is always going to make it gross.i feel sorry for people not old enough to remember the "big breakfast" and have to see piers morgan in the morning.oh and my wife can give me a massage also my other friends wow i have a lot of free massages and offers wow i feel speciali feel very blessed to know you. thank you. hope you had a great onei feel like going, only if i get tix if not then nopei feel like i'm going to die when hyung is sad vote for #btsbbmasi feel so proud cause people finally realise how good itsuki isi'm sorry for what happen about the standees. as a ph army i feel bad about it. #sorrybangtan_frompharmysmax even said he'd be willing to go and walk through my area once i feel confident about it! he hate the labelle walmart lolkhululeka ndoda i feel exhausted,this is where it ends for me returned with 'i'd rather take the risk'-december 18 #nomaahaa, i see haha, i feel a bit stupid now for not seeing it was a joke...katya: i feel like me and salma been training this whole semester to drink with you for this weekend and we may not even survivei feel so weak and drained.i could have sleep more, that will be a very bad day for me i feel it.i feel like i have constantly had tasks to complete since friday night, i'm read for some electric relaxationi've been using powerpoint all my professional life but never knew it could be an effective tool on twitter. i feel so usei feel like i don't care.the no fml i feel so attackedi feel like i always come up with outfits i want to wear but they are all based around shoes and boots i want lolsorry bangtan for what my co ph armys did. i feel bad as an army that it happened here in ph. #sorrybangtani feel like allie wants to kill someone with those drugs eepbuilding the future with u will not be a difficult task since i feel that i have known you since ages gone by #loveyoushai feel like twitter's preparing me for the eventuality that is non-chronological tls by liberally sprinkling these old tweets among the newsometimes i feel like my eyebrows can't make decide on whether they want to be pointy or curvy.. and then some days they wanna be both!virtue signalling exhibitionist green feminist. i feel sorry for the baby.whenever im on the court, i feel like im making a statement and a case that i belong. -damian lillardi feel you man :cat this point, i feel like is dropping smth everyday. i feel spoiled and loved, thank you. #bloodsweattears #btsbevery time i switch off my macbook i feel like i'm treatin' it righttoday i feel like not doing anything sijui nihepe hii ofisi #misssunshine #rhythmjunctioncoz i feel like myself when i'm running myself to the ground.... grabe nd huhuhu. heart hearti feel so bad for laughing at this... that's the way i feel about working on the radio. i could be in full evening wear and no one would know - or care!
i feel like such a terrible person...
2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouraged
i feel ya, today isn't my day either
i feel like a new person every time i change my state of mind and remind myself what's really important
i feel like my thoughts in the basement
i feel sorry for people who think they can't be replaced.
i feel bad for lena but people truly ignore what just happened to mon-el and i'm so sick of it.
i feel like this is gonna be a meme soon with you mini.
when i feel the best mayner loveconquersall
"maybe i'm okay; but maybe i'm not. maybe i'm not happy; maybe i'm not sad. most of the time i don't know what to feel
i feel i must learn to rebuild.
i feel like once i cut off people who bring drama in to my life.. i automatically begin to see change in my life
i feel you tess
if i feel you shouldn't be judged by you tweets but feel free to tweet about taking <bleep> from a thai lady boy and see what happens?
just had hungry jacks for the first time in over a year. instant regret. i feel disgusting.
i feel empty and alone again. yay.
emotionally: i'm done mentally: i'm drained spiritually: i feel dead physically: i smile
hahaah i feel u on this
i feel really happy when i see you, because when i look at you and see your smile, it also makes me have a smile.
i'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thing
i feel like shelley. she's my housemate who has jack daniel for breakfast. except that i'm having it for dinner.
i feel like i'm a bad daughter, friend and everything
after having been forced back on to outlook for a new gig, i feel your slow, clunky, ugly, pointless pain.
i feel like showing people some good rube pictures private ones message me if you wanna see them retweet
lmao shaved my beard off and i feel like i'm 11 years old
today is my one year anniversary of getting into kpop! i feel so blessed to have discovered this! vote #btsbbmas
i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
that lol bit of tp did the job i feel my eyes getting heavy
if i leave the house past 9 pm, i feel like i should wear a sign that says, "ignore my crazy. it's past my bedtime."
when i feel happy mayner loveconquersall
i feel so blessed... all these jy previews at the airport... thank you masternims
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
sometimes i feel like and thats ok
has proven himself that he is not a leader anymore, i feel shame on his statement. absolutely disgrace you
astro are clearly working so hard for this next album,, i feel like it'll probably be their best one yet :')
him: let me deal with my own feelings. i am not asking you to reciprocate them. her: i feel burdened either way. u should not have said it.
i feel like im simply waiting for everything to settle down into peace and silence in order to move, plan, decide
if i hurt your feelings, communicate that. when it's my turn to communicate how i feel, don't be cutting me off.
hey hooo sir ceo is back and i got a ton of <bleep> to do i feel so hyped
lol i feel like the only other person who takes misaki seriously (aside from rimi) is kanon...poor misaki.....
i feel like lucy and ethel at the conveyor belt in the chocolate factory except the chocolates are sudden new violations
like complete <bleep> max, i feel terrible lol
i have to clear them all before i go to sleep because of ocd. if i don't i feel anxious
when i keep tryna replace "bonsam" with "awurade" when singing j hus - did you see and i feel god's disappointment shini
i feel sick. you're disgusting.
i've been craving for frankie's chicken for days, i ate other chicken wings and i feel that i won't be satisfied until i get frankie's!
i think i feel insulted...
i been up all night, no sleep cause i feel like to keep on voting all night, no sleep coz i keep on voting~ huehue eme lan
when i feel hopeless mayner loveconquersall
currently cuddling w katherin after talking about life problems. all of a sudden i feel better lol
i feel bad when i have to hate someone i like.
good day my wonderful friend, sorry i got the time mixed up.i hope you are happy. i feel better today an
i am so drowsy i feel <bleep>faced.
yes they can and they must! we tell older folk to be careful about being scammed well i am 1
feel something all i feel is pain. someone kept telling me it was okay to feel, that's it's our emotions that make us hum
i feel a little better...
i feel 16 again with these hangovers
i feel the same way when i try talking to people who are upset. but i sitll do my best to be there for them
anybody mad at nicki minaj, a grown woman, and nas, a grown man, doing what they want? me, quote me, i feel like draggin' #
i salute ya you took my bih and you scooped her ima loser i feel like a <bleep>ing loser
i feel like i miss that person but i shouldn't.
i feel so tired lately
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
yeah, i feel like an old man.
when i feel sad mayner loveconquersall
oh you know i did it it's over and i feel fine nothing you could say is gonna change my mind #foofighters
without you, i feel torn like a sail in a storm
i feel like when someone doesn't reply in like .2 seconds i'm 99.9% sure they've found someone betterour latest video destroyed my back im in bits, i feel like a snaili aint having any sweets for a really long time.i feel sicki was just thinking abt madokamagica and i feel if main plot is jin try to save v but he still can't. v=madoka ,jin=hom"i feel the same. also, morning."i feel dumb for missing this <bleep>ep with laughs i feel cool it's totally cool the l okay you for understanding we use them i wonder if you encourage me tryingi need to sleep but i feel sicki feel so conflicted while rting whitewashed gifs. they're pretty. but they're wrong. (plus most korean accs don't havei feel like i gotta be a parent to most my female friends.i feel my phone vibrate sometime even when it s not in my pocket #dtbydeliryo"i feel like this heart ache will never go away"i wish i can stop the pain i feel right now but i can't.when i keep tryna replace "bonsam" with "awurade" when singing j hus - did you see and i feel god's disappointment shinii feel like guys get on here say they want a girl with natural hair but not in realityno matter where i go or who i'm with i feel beyond unwelcome and unwanted. because i am i don't matter. i'm nothing.i feel sorry for the dumbfuck that <bleep>s with anyone in my circle i'll end that <bleep> real quicki feel like as time goes on i'm getting uglierpeople who sleep less tend to crave junk food. (this is how i feel now .) why not chocolate?i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.i feel like i've tweeted about this before, but it really is a tribulation that i go through every day#fieldsandpier i feel endless peace when i listen to him..i'm obsessed with this song.thank yothis is exactly why i have a cineworld card. i feel less bad for seeing possible <bleep>e that wayeveryone's getting so shady on idk how i feel about the last few episodes...joan doing coke for the first time is how i feel regarding the newest paparazzi photo set of "jon hamm wears his favorite tippl say putting hats on the bed is nie mishto you will never see my hats touch a bed i feel it's straight bad luck every time it happenedshiet i feel u on that! gotta graduate on time. miss you bra and i going come reno sometime after football season!seriously if you can't connect the dots i feel sorry for you wasting your own time. if you've done me you can't stay here you know.i feel amazing smile on me face from me wake up in t'morning no time fi badmind no time f'problem somebody tell babylon bei feel like a bag of <bleep>si never thought i'd be hurting this much. i feel like a vegetable.i feel so emberassed. i dont even want to tweet what i am thinking rnonce i feel unappreciated .. i'm goneme falling in love again is dangerous i feel like i done suffered enoughi feel wonderful because i see the love light in your eyesi feel like whatever jsut happened flew right over my head.may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.timmy d you know how i feel about you, what you did for me and for the entire nba. thank you for an amazing career! #bestpfi feel its gloomy for too long and i get sadjust betrayed nier automata for for honor and ps plus damn i feel like <bleep>i feel for youbest media person in the business is our adam :p i feel a wakely award coming adam's way :ddebilitating pain at how clueless one has been. i'm staying in bed cos i feel like i deserve this pain today. just today.just how i feel whenever i read the name :)i feel the awful truth of the words: ye shall die like men.having one of those moments where as a feminist looking at patriarchy, i feel like i'm trying to mop up an ocean with ai'm just going to write some stuff i feel needs to be said. tw: self harm, suicidei know i have friends but i feel like i have no one to talk too about the <bleep> that goes on in my head.i feel like our driver is always imagining himself in a car race and he's in a ferrari#btsbbmas i feel like i wna go back to th days where i felt super close to bts,like an arm's length away,where when i call,they would heari feel bad for anyone that can't appreciate how talented shawn is #shawnbbmasi feel like i know who you talking aboutim going to turn off my phone or sometging i feel so aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah.. i feel like lot of ppl think im crazy bci gave him a gift.. idk whyi feel very accomplished rn[ i feel something bad just happen.]i don't like to leave my computer when i'm paused at a breakpoint because i feel like the app is holding its breath.
oh it's definitely a problem. it does help though i feel if it's across the board though.
i feel so betrayed
not sure how i feel about this op
that time when minhyun,jaehwan n minhyun always sitting together..i feel like i'm living in the heaven rn
i feel like there is thunder and lightning inside of me but i'm still staying so calm..
mingyu : im gonna be honest, i feel like you dont like me wonwoo : i've told you multiple times that i dont
i feel burnt out help fish is good
i feel nothing but embarrassment about the way i let someone treat me for so long. i hate that i ever thought that little
if my <bleep>ties have ever been in your mouth , i feel you owe me a mother's day gift ...
when i'm with you, i feel like i'm a better person. i feel happier... less alone, less lonely.
it's not bcs i have someone new or wtsv but i feel so much better now
i feel like i need a bodyguard
my eye is aching and now i feel mildly concerned
i feel like i never tweet anymore
dad, but i feel for the end of god.
ah, i feel you. i've got a bunch of injuries i have to work around. weirdly, exercise helps with them more than resting!
i feel like everything is my fault.
poor jungkook, he was just being his normal extra self when suddenly got hit with the jumping rope.. i feel bad for laughing
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
i feel sick again
i feel more wide awake with this 2hr nap than i do with 6+ hours of sleep
i feel you bes'' jollibeedasapuso marvoree
i feel really happy when i see you, because when i look at you and see your smile, it also makes me have a smile.
i feel crazy because my boyfriend's sweatshirt still smells like him but the only person that has worn it for last 3months is me so why am+
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel so so so bad for morello, deserves better.
way up i feel blessed.
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
i feel so gross when i struggle eat a strawberry pop tart because them <bleep>s are nasty as hell
i'm watching until i feel my throat filled color and i'm gonna split out
exactly! i feel ya! my town has 4! 4 stops for the whole town! #needmorepokestops
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
i feel like half the time when i watch this show it is just me going i hate this, i hate this so much but i keep watching
i feel secondary will be much better cause primary we are still so young
oh i feel that way all the time.
i feel so far away you always come my way i vote for #bbmas top social artist award #btsbbmas
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
i feel like i'd get a lot more out of this episode of monster factory if i'd ever seen any sitcoms
it's disgusting.. like a black girl did this.. i feel personally let down and i don't even know her
i feel more than "degraded" at not being told whether meat i buy is halal or not!
when i keep tryna replace "bonsam" with "awurade" when singing j hus - did you see and i feel god's disappointment shini
omg i wish if i have 1 notification and dm in a week i feel cool
both irene and yeri doing aegyo and i feel like im watching two maknaes being cute. but in the end it felt like theyre moth
aww you just made my day, i feel the same way.
i've always wanted harry to sing rock songs and songs about <bleep> like god <bleep>ing bless i feel so alive but dead at the s
my life is such a joke i feel like i have no control over anything and i hate it things just keep going to <bleep> and th
i feel like whenever my friends start talking to guys, they end up with them. i talk to 5000000000 and end up with zero. m
i feel eminently qualified for this podcast. i even have my own catchphrase, "i read something like this on wiki..." htt
i feel so nice ...first love... i voted for top social artist award #btsbbmas
i feel so detached from everything and everyone.
i think too much i see too much i feel too much but i speak so little
i feel a strong urge to run away from here. i have no destination in mind. i think there's a chance that place is lost somewhere in time.
cries bc i feel u!!!! these lovely sons t_t
yo! have any one tried to eat at chef patricks kitchen in caloocan!? i feel very hungry!
i feel like i'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen.
this girl asked me if i was going home alone to nobody i said yea this <bleep> said "damn that <bleep>s i feel bad"
i feel very sleep deprived ://
i feel like <bleep> i want to ***
and i feel like this year is really about, just the year of realizing fakes
i feel worthless. and it's so utterly painful.
my hands, i feel like i've been here before she has already spoken
i feel so annoying im spamming so much
i kinda want aria to help a.d just to help her friends but i feel like they've done this storyline with toby spencer previously???
2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouraged
even as a woman. i feel a sense of power when their handshake is weak lmaoi feel you man, allergies are the worst, its like having a cold all throughout the year, i hope this thing works for you^^but that's what i feel when i with ui'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingmingyu : im gonna be honest, i feel like you dont like me wonwoo : i've told you multiple times that i dontyou got me all night thinking about you ! and now i feel sleepyhonestly, i feel like if i say the word "dissertation" aloud i might be sick. #nervous #universitybut only bc like that's me, like i feel connected(i feel your pain with general responses.)i feel like i won't be able to do anything without e.l.f. -sungmini feel a bit in limbo these days. waiting on good news.i feel like an <bleep>hole tweeting this even tho its satireeish i feel it coming-the weekend!!! i think i'm a give but i like taking coz of this song #giverortakeri feel you forget me like i used to watch you breathhe really is a <bleep> revealing jeanne's mark like that... i feel so bad for heri feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist of the year.i feel kinda ill, maybe dancing outside when it rained was a bad idea...i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.some guy said i'm beautiful and thick like peanut <bleep>er i feel so yum!ya allah, bring my focus back because i feel so distracted these days. amin ya rabb.boiiii do i feel like pukingthank you all for supporting my art. i can't begin to express to you have grateful i am. tonight i feel such a deep appreci feel like learning yoshi lolgusto ko magpakulay but i feel bad for my hair alreadywhenever i feel bad about having a messy computer desktop, i will think of this anonymous board member. htteunwoo: 'show your eyesmiles' eunwoo: *extreme eyesmiles* yuha: i feel like hitting her right now hahhahahahaha this love hati am sorry. please forgive me. all the sorries won't bring you back. i feel an ache in my heart. i love you jonathan.you have no right to ask me how i feel ... kanta muna tyo hehehe. mihonishida forbenchi feel ill dudei feel like i'm on don't tell the the bridei vote for bts top social artist award #bbmas and #btsbbmas i feel like dying when my brother is sadhi guys. i received some awards earlier i feel blessedwow i feel so bad for luke cage he's trying everyone!!i feel itits the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesi think i feel quite nauseous after watching that crapomg i feel you, hug ko nga i miss youuuuuuui can't sleep. i feel like i'm listening for america's death rattle.it isnt love but the way i feel around him makes me think its damn closemy name is cat and with tha kit in front of stall we lyk to sit i feel her tongue i say meow i have a fren heri feel sure i was going to get 39 as welli feel like i fall asleep at like 8 every night. i wake up so confusedlol tmi but i love my dad ok i feel emotional rni feel so ugly today idk why :("yall are going to wish you hwearing an oversized sweater and some fake glasses because idk but man do i feel like a dad and/or husband materiali feel like i have been run over by a train :-( feeling drainedi feel the same about ok computer.there's no emoji can describe what i feel right nowi feel so much betteri feel he only talks rubbish these days, arsene.... so far away from reality.i feel like i understand mahmoud ahmadinejad in a completely different light now. not to excuse him..."" is how i feel about 99.9% of everything and everyone loli feel like emo'h would be a hell of a lot better if she wasn't a journalist. 'with friends like these' etc.i feel like my gotdamn heart about to explodewith all the grey hair on my bus i feel like i'm going boundary mill awaywhen i feel anger during dreams it never subsides; it grows until it wakes me. it's too realistic to me. #mentaldefensemechanism #ptsdi feel bad for you. ssi feel like we're months away from living in bladerunnerwords are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you #kissesformyxphi feel like the pinnacle of being a polite adult is telling someone 'thanks for all ur help' even though they've done jack <bleep> lmaotrain to busan looks like an interesting movie but i feel like i'm gonna cry a waterfallidk what i feel but i'm ok! haha i'll make you kwento after finals weekguys it's so hard being cool 24/7, i feel like yal don't give da les enough credit..you'll never catch that <bleep> slipplmfaaaao girl i never had i soul. so i feel thati feel like i remember but i can't...i feel like if i'm your friend and i express to you that you saying the word is problematic then you should respect me enosometimes i feel like it's so early saying good morning is just disturbing
i feel you
lol ya i feel like its gonna <bleep> up some apps if i upgrade to it?? or make them super laggy
i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmas
imagine dragons are born to play live. i really felt it in the new songs. this new album is going to be perfect live i fe
i feel u bro...
sometimes i feel i didn't turn out okay. i'm down with discpline. but where/when does one draw the line
i feel so full today
:i feel in love with you because you love me when i couldn't love myself jollibeedasapu
i feel you girl. cuz mine still help me. i'm not ashamed at all. hahaha but yes yes i gotchu!
i feel like the bible is the problem. it's full of hypocrisy and what you "shouldn't" do as a person. what if you're a
fangirl moments.... i feel you sheena...#lotbsumbrella
not to be dramatic but when i see pictures of pretty people on instagram i feel so <bleep>ing ugly i wanna die tbh
i,, feel so...., sick
maybe i don't say but i feel, i don't show but i care..
i feel like am been oppressed too hard cause no matter how hard i try nothing is happening
"i feel sorry for you" "i don't think of you at all"
i feel so satiated. god really is out there. everything is right with the world
because of the nervousness i feel i can't speak so clear. #dtbydeliryo
i feel i would have the upper hand because i had learned this bit of information before my fellow peers.
i feel tears in my eyes 24/7 why am i like this
i feel old in this lane thanks to my cousin for introducing me to kpop and ft island was my very first fav korean group 10 years ago
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
literally why do i feel like it's gonna end with it all being in her imagination and she's locked up in some hospital ht
whenever i feel like a nun i go on my whatsapp and search the word "cum" to remind myself that the sket life won't ever leave me
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
i feel like something happened bc a lot of people on my tl are being defensive hmmm
i feel like i'm the worst so i always act like i'm the best.
i feel like i'd like my art to look more simple and stylized, but i only manage to achieve that with quick sketches...
but no one know wht i feel deep inside
touching sturvs of twitter today, i feel like dashing somebody money!!!!
not every girl is like that tho and i feel maybe she did that to scare him off, it's possible too
just had my hand all up inside someone's arm cleaning it out with some weird suction-raygun-looking thing and i feel pretty weird about it
i feel so much better today
a friend told me emery was nailed on for next coach. i didn't bet on it, now i feel sick. links coming through now.....
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
personally i feel like there was a decline starting at 99 line (99 still has some gems here and there but overall)
i feel like i'm in a dream. i'm drowning i'm drowning what's happening i know woose i think i'm dying my spirit is o
(i feel bad because she's in a wheelchair, but girl, i think she kicked out of representing such a trash country
i feel complete inside such a rainy night#mountain
i feel lika a proud mama. army squad i vote for for top social artist award a
i feel good baby i feel great
ugh. i feel so bad...! i wish there was something i could do...
i feel like every week im just like "i just need to get through this week"
its the end of the world as we know it...its the end of the world...and i feel fine..!
i feel like a proud mother today
wow i feel so dumb that i called off the wall rock with you
i've been here for a long time and i feel like puking
i feel like a wind up toy, thats just the way i am
when are you coming to australia? i feel neglected
i feel like hell today
ima need y'all help with step 3. i feel like y'all know what to do tho.
cas kisses him lovingly. "i feel the same way. i trust you completely."
anybody mad at nicki minaj, a grown woman, and nas, a grown man, doing what they want? me, quote me, i feel like draggin' #
i feel like i need an actual holiday.
the thing about grimmy is idk whether to believe him or not bc i feel like he's always lowkey taking the piss.
this is how i feel when i wake up from a nap and i dont see the light so i have to figure out what day i live in, what centu
i feel like deactivating this account for some reason
i feel like now that we are in the lead were geting to <bleep>y and it needs to stop now idgaf if ur new be respectful please! #btsbbmas
i feel such a horrible friend and person in general
#sdlive kicks off with orton opening i feel like he's kinda lack luster so far as champion it's only been a month but wyatt
i feel like ive been doing this for hrs '^~^ vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmas
i feel like buying make up products and slippers lmao
the word "sad" doesn't really describe what i feel anymore because i feel much more than just sadi feel like they know you alreadywherever i feel sad or stress, i will just spend time on the socmed because there are so many things funny here #mudahterhibureveryone saying "oh he did this with my oppar/uknee so im happy!" yall hes homophobic, i feel sad for the lgbt+ commui literally have no idea where this year went i feel like i only started my course last weeki hate how i feel these daysi don't know but right now i feel it's soumya but harneet mentioned picture abhi baki hain so soumya might comebacki feel like <bleep>, i need to look at my tatts and listen.i have an obsession with dunnys ranch. if you don't understand, i feel bad for you.i feel sorry for my ex, like how's he ever going to find someone as good as meabout your lett3r, as to what i'm putting into it. i am so deeply in love with you, that i feel so many emotions. deep one5.i actually dont know how i feel now a days dunno if im sad or happy, tired or lost... feel hella weird unaliam you don't understand how i feel about himklaus + hayley klayley. the originals. idk at least they're better than haylijah i feel like people romanticizeemotionally: i'm done mentally: i'm drained spiritually: i feel dead physically: i smilei feel like death warmed up this is actually horrificthat is 100% a terrible reason to drive six hours to the city. i feel for you.bruh i feel asleep watching game last night i was too nervous... watched highlights is kawhi okay?i feel so proud of myself and at the same time notnow i feel badi feel so weird chedey. :3not sure how i feel about the snapchat updateya allah, bring my focus back because i feel so distracted these days. amin ya rabb.threw some colour on a painkiller and an anti-inflammatory but honestly i'm surprised at how fine i feel?i feel your paini feel sick n sleepy and i have an exam at 2."i feel positive, my results have been getting better during the season as i have been growing in confidence. #fanboosi feel like i barely <bleep>ing slept last nighti feel like i'm annoying irl oomf.i feel more <bleep>ed up then i was beforei feel like now that we are in the lead were geting to <bleep>y and it needs to stop now idgaf if ur new be respectful plei feel the sameits the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesloool i feel <bleep>ing <bleep>omg i feel u! the struggle is realbillboard hot 100: #26(-5) i feel it coming, feat. daft punk [24 weeks]. *peak: #4*haha i really can't stare at him actually i just... i feel weird looking at him. alwayssaya sayang rakan-rakan saya i feel like hugging all of them *group huggggg*i feel bad for my future boo thang bc when we take naps together, imma be moving around so much. i'm probably gonna wrapi feel bad when you miss me, i feel sad when you dont. #dtbydeliryo ninja@10mos&amp;projectjesus, i feel like my health is deteriorating!! gallstones and high blood pressure!!i feel like my own stomach is eating my liver wow paano ko na to bebenta???i feel for bojan, muniesa diouf too but overall he's done a good job. bony just a lazy <bleep>.its first time i feel that i am out of control!that somehow even tho i haven't experienced anything i feel so loved by him????the <bleep>ers. there, i feel better. god-damned human race. there, i feel better.so snapchat removed the little timer on the top right and now i feel betrayed.well i feel like <bleep>it very much did its job i feel. eddie looked incredible in defeat having gone through jimmy, then all the shenanigansi feel awkwardi feel so accomplished when i shower and do laundry on the same week night. this is 25.i feel like a star falling downbruh i guessed right i feel powerfuli have a major problem but i feel pathetic talking about it hahawoodwork, hi hello! omo i feel like it's been foreverseriously im sorry. no hidden <bleep> on my end. im sorry. i feel like l tried to create a box without learning my shapes first.i ate too much these past few days and i feel that my face is very very puffy nowits amazing how crazy i feel when my phone vibrates and im begging it to be you. #dtbydeliryo ninja@10mos&amp;projecti'm exhausted from trying to be stronger than i feeli wish you could understand how i feeli feel like already won top social artist of the year award #btsbbmas nd armys are just voting to show the world howthere is no avoiding what i feel, there is no avoiding youi'm sad. i feel like i can't do much for the fandom, can't understand korean and help translating, don't know how to search korean portalslast day of high school! i feel like i'd be more excited if i wasn't awake right now...so accurate i feel i have to wave to you from behind a fern and suggest we pair up.i feel you ._.i vote for for the #btsbbmas i feel like im going to die when youre sad when youre in pain it hurts more than when im in paini've cheated on and i feel guilty, can you ever forgive me?? i promise i won't stray again #boldking #thebestamancanget
i feel like i was gone for months
when specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i ow
i feel
i feel really happy when i see you, because when i look at you and see your smile, it also makes me have a smile. mclis
mingyu : im gonna be honest, i feel like you dont like me wonwoo : i've told you multiple times that i dont
if my <bleep>ties have ever been in your mouth , i feel you owe me a mother's day gift ...
i feel worried for my friends if i lose my phone
insanely productive day! i feel unstoppable!
i am so mad why can't you all just let me live in peace????? i feel so sick wish i could leave this place asap
2.0 wont attract ppl from all generations. i feel so.
haha i feel your pain
i feel heavy for the rough lettuce parade.
as an inter fan i feel bad for pioli. think the players gave up on him.
i feel i'm on the constant verge of havi
jaejin : its better to be jealous but i feel angry. i still have the 'overthrow h.o.t' feels jaeduk : still?! throw it awa
i feel like any time i walk down los serranos country club drive it brings back so many memories...
i haven't used my ps4 in months i feel bad
i think phone conversations are harder than in-person or texting. i feel i'm missing half the conversation!
i feel your egg white pain!! #yolkalltheway
i feel like: but the truth is:
i feel like everytime they whitewash him, it's like they're disrespecting him as a person. he is very proud of his skin tone
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i feel like i have
i dont know what to do it just it gets rlly scary when they go rlly sad i feel so bad ahaha
as of today i feel great respect for you sir!
ya allah, bring my focus back because i feel so distracted these days. amin ya rabb.
i feel so unloved
i know i'm young but i feel like its nothing i can't handle
girl i feel ya it's hard times out here for strippers treat yo self
i feel old but... what are those things
if ray and i have kid lord oh lord i feel bad for that child his mom alone has 11 and his 9+ kids and my dad is like idk
i feel sort of emotional now that i've completely changed to my #married name. anyone else have that weird feeling?
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
whom the <bleep> is flirting on the bts chat i feel like a third wheel
i feel like singing baby shark dodododoo again.
last day of high school and i have no idea how i feel
right now, i feel like slapping him.
hey guys i just shook a bottom of an imaginary shoe really hard and now i feel like i could hijack a bus and destroy a dentist's office
every time i look at the news about my government i feel like i'm living in an alternate reality is this really happening
i feel so gross ughh can't wait to eat and shower
i feel uncomfortable. rt: .@mileycyrus dont worry about liam. you can do much better."
now i feel like vomiting tonight has been the best night of my life man
make me feel the way i feel when i first walk into a festival i'll be yours forever
after today i feel like i need to practice like the whole roster
when i'm in your arms i feel safe, like i am protected from any harm.
if i feel like you be going or you be tweeting some thot <bleep> imma send your tweets to my bros so they can slide in your dms slay you
shortened my hair and god i feel so content
begin is my mood, i feel calm since yesterday and its also my anthem i sing it every morning i. feel. so. blessed
i'm crying so hard right now because i love shawn so much and he means the world to me and i feel like i dont do anything for
if you leave me on open or read, i won't write again to you. it's up to you to write because i feel like i'm bothering you
i feel the chill inside mclisse fortalkntext
i feel so hot why did i put large pants on i'm suffering
i hate yelling at ppl that i care about, i feel so ugly n mean n bad, but i get frustrated easily!! i cant help it! im <bleep>
some days i feel like im actually losing the plot #midweekmadness
anybody mad at nicki minaj, a grown woman, and nas, a grown man, doing what they want? me, quote me, i feel like draggin' #
i feel pretty indifferent to it to be honest, but for some artist it ruin their music.
i feel so much better now that you're gone forever
i feel it, we getting comeback news within 24 hours. there is a reason for all these ig posts!
i actually dont know how i feel now a days dunno if im sad or happy, tired or lost... feel hella weird una
ah np! what's with the giant watermark btw? i feel like they've been getting bigger and bigger :p
i feel so guilty rn
i feel like fishing alone right now
still i feel like i've been basically living at work for the last 2 weeks lol
i feel this on a spiritual level
suddenly saw someone use jan as her name i feel slightly offended
i feel so alive bc of harry
good morning, everyone! i feel pretty good right now. i hope you guys have a fantastic day today :d
the eighth treatment today. the nausea is a near all the time thing, only a few times a day do i feel like myself, two to go after today!
i feel this so hard. my ex lives a block away so i see him skating or run into him at our neighborhood drug dealer's house lmao
i sleep for a while and there's now a yoi x sanrio collab,,,,, i feel blessed omfgi feel it's my civic duty to explain the branches of govt to my #potus so i made this for u i used as fewyea i feel you i have trouble talking texting and socializing with people. i feel happy to see i'm not the only onesometimes i feel like i'm wasting my time"as a pastor, i feel like a owe you an apology on behalf of those who may never speak such words to you but should." htti feel bad for people grinding leaderboards. getting running man 13 times an hour must make pubg seem more fundrained .. i feel like absolute <bleep> and nobody cares .i feel it comingi feel super ill and sad so i'm going to film a video to cheer me up. what should i film? (suggestions welcome)i feel for any politician that i see lambasted on tv or in the paper when on most occasions they have done all they cani feel completely comforted knowing rick perry will be the man directing the collapsed tunnel at the hanford washington nuci don't know how to describe how i feel anymorei just want my exams to be over! especially tomorrow's on equine health - i feel we haven't learnt a thingi feel like he doesn't mind, and actually enjoys this.anyways someone didn't follow me on there new account and i feel kind of bad but also shugs. i'm pretty annoying to put up with.now i feel like a shill for a product they probably don't make anymore loli wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.i feel a bit like jk rowling. but editing now hey clair i could not find editing si'm sure you're not that bad i can't dance to save my life so i feel youezra: i hope you realize that with her being here- being alive, it doesn't change a thing about how i feel about you.this is literally next door to a local police station i feel like there is an easier solution herei feel like <bleep>once i feel different about u, ur donei wonder if justin still posts stories on his snapchat i feel tortured just thinking about itwe'll live a moment like this on may 21, i know it, i feel it, bts owns 2017 and nobody can tell me otherwise. i vote foi feel sorry for psy in the comment section. it's his time to gain attention for his song but it's full of voting just cai feel so tiredi feel so sorry for my boyfriend. his room is taken up by all my stuff i do pay him back in food and holidays though but still #iamsomessya bird came in the window somehow and my cat got it before i knew. :'( i feel so awful. poor little thing.it's like i'm not happy nor am i sad, i just don't have no emotion atm so idk how i feel ...unreal. i feel sick.i feel you :(i feel so emberassed. i dont even want to tweet what i am thinking rneunwoo: 'show your eyesmiles' eunwoo: *extreme eyesmiles* yuha: i feel like hitting her right now hahhahahahaha this love hati feel like she reaches every week. people need to stop listening to her, she keeps riling them up for nothing.man this poor chick keeps coming home crying and i feel bad because before this she was always mad happy. i hope she gets betteri been up all night, no sleep cause i feel like to keep on voting all night, no sleep coz i keep on voting~ huehue eme lani feel like lucy and ethel at the conveyor belt in the chocolate factory except the chocolates are sudden new violationsi didn't do anything but why i feel so tiredeverytime i feel the urge to watch <bleep> i eat an entire raw potato to take me out of the mood.i feel so bad for people who don't have good relationships with their mom cause my mom is literally my best friend i'mi feel like pink floyd w/ the beam out !!cos my mate is ignoring me today when i do his tea tonite i feel like putting dog food in it wicked ent i lol shudnt ignore me ahluz: and, [today] i'll be filming the pv of reflexion with mafumafu in the morning! i feel like we'll be able to film somethinbey idk how people could fake being cool with someone ... like in honestly can't if i feel like you do something to me ise adi feel like you're briefing us before the rogue one mission"only my shadow knows how i feel about you only my shadow goes where i dream of you and me" i vote for #btsbbanyone up? i just wrote chapter 5. i feel like peter griffin when he tries redbull for the first timeyes bro i feel that, big ups mayyni hate yelling at ppl that i care about, i feel so ugly n mean n bad, but i get frustrated easily!! i cant help it! im <bleep>having one of those moments where as a feminist looking at patriarchy, i feel like i'm trying to mop up an ocean with aif you weren't at future then i feel for you. best concert in the world factsi think my dad noticed i feel like trash because he tried to comfort mebut it wouldn't mean a thing if i told you how i feelthe first time i feel shame to be indonesian. no more justice in my own country. #ripjustice #ahok world now watching us as aexactly! i've said too much before and scared a person off so now i gotta suppress how i feel a lot of the time. it's wacki feel yai feel like <bleep> i wish i was deadi feel like maybe if i send you enough <bleep>s, maybe when i just type it'll stop suggesting mark daytoni wish i could explain to ou how i feel, because ever night before i go to bed, ou're all i think about.i feel sorry for army cause some really immature <bleep> likes to compare bts to other group and then this happen.as a ph army myself i feel so disgusted. don't you know that those acts can be the cause of bts's last concert here in the philippines?they were here taking my statement and i was cooking eggs and hes just being curious but i feel like the eggs are a crimei feel a lot better about myselflacey used to get belly ache all the time so i feel your strugglei feel stucked #mdhkapaliti feel like remix of the ghost in the shell theme would go perfect in one of your setswhen i feel good, it's never about the right things.2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouragedi'm the type of woman who will do anything to make my husband happy. even though the saying goes "happy wife, happy life"i feel like partying
massive headache at 1 am, then throwing up at 5 in the morning. wow, what a day. good thing i feel better..
i dunno what they've done with their algorithms but i feel they're really knocking it out the park with the daily mixes lately??
i feel so sleepy but i just took a nap earlier what is happening
once i feel different about u, ur done
i feel myself changing,i don't laugh the same anymore,don't smile the same or talk the same.i'm just so tired and mentall
every day, i want you to be my girli pray again today, yeah amen for some reasoni feel smaller when im in front of you
#isduniyamein no one knows what i feel inside.
if you're my friend i will never sugar coat anything because i feel bad about you. if that makes me a bad friend then
the only thing i feel prepared for is the fat nap im gonna take after the exam
i feel like i only slept for 5 minutes
i feel your pain, have a good (hopefully cc free) day lol
i'm eating a croissant while walking in the rain and i'm crying. i feel like i reached the peek of my career as an artist
but why should ec let them go easily, i feel they should file defamation case as this drama is done in <bleep>em
it's weird how lifeless i feel atm
i feel fortunate to be in a position to help some overcome religion. a lovely note-last line:"now we have no religion and we
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
i feel it started from rangeela, bazi, sarfarosh, ghulam, 1947 -earth
i feel sorry for the ignorance of our people but keep the ratchets away from me...im different..
me too i feel bad for him...
i feel good today. if only i got 12 hours of sleep everyday like last night.
i'm playing undertale again after not touching it for a while and i feel so emotional just playing the beginning again. i love this game.
all this eating i feel like i need a thorax removal you can donthat? how much?
i feel like such a <bleep>ty friend
i feel ya. maybe dan patrick could be worse?
i'm real laid back cool but once i feel disrespected i get crazy.
now i feel so bad at myself
i feel like i only sleep for a solid 5 seconds every single night
i feel like an idiot for missing you.
boi what did u just do i feel attacked at the same time bleesed mygadnakjsaksnwkak
i feel sooooo wonder if it is anything to do with running #tp100 recently.....
i never express how i feel and that should change
i feel like a frog being slowly boiled to death in #trump tweets.
"sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.
i don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option, or someone they only run to when they al
w3ird felt really happy n phresh this morning and now i feel like a slug that's been stood on
day 2 of swimming lessons and i feel like giving up
cant sleep cause i cant breath and i feel so miserable
they've twined up my legs, and wrapped around my waist. this is how they hug, these weeds; they accept me, knowing i feel a
today i had 2 wear suit n tie 2 a meeting,i feel so uncomfortable,2 those who do this 5 days in a wk,yal the real mvps..shits torture
i feel like lucy and ethel at the conveyor belt in the chocolate factory except the chocolates are sudden new violations
and only i feel it
no dark brown anymore i feel like a new person !
i feel lost
i feel asleep with a head ache and woke up with one... what kind of sick joke even is this
i feel so freaking stupid
depressed is not enough to describe how i feel seeing those pictures and i can't even watch it yet... orz
i feel your pain. there's a river streaming where the road should be between us and our kayak trailer.
omg i juat did that meditation thing and i have a test in 30 minutes and i feel great
i feel like at some point soon, you guys deserve an explanation as to why we haven't been making music lately. just kn
i feel sick *googles symptoms* internet: depression, cancer, you're pregnant
i fell off my chair so i feel you
aaaaaaa tysm ilyssssssssmmm geez i feel so bad i have to do something in return
/claps my hands 3 times/ i feel like 10 years younger when i'm talking with this kid. smh.
it's wales i feel sorry for, getting their bogey team again for the umpteenth time.
i feel it in my bones youre about to move. -
i feel ahead of my time yet completely distraught is destroying this country! #comeyfiring
"i feel like i don't want to be bothered, i feel you might be the problem"
just slept until 7 before school and i feel great
sometimes i sit and wonder. sometimes i feel like letting go. all i know is no one should have to be alone. -sws
in case scenario, i feel likei feel youoptic pre game talk: mixwell: "tarik will top frag today i feel it" tarik: "i just wish i don't bottom frag" jason: "aiming to"i feel like every squirrel ever is just a crack addict"once i feel different about u, ur donei feel like troubling him more, for he deserves some for what he does every time.just saw a rat/mouse in the house. i feel like i should've slept instead of going for a drink of water.i feel stressed when i see bts and red carpet in a sentence. what if their stylists' idea of cool is pimp coats and chainsi feel you.same.i feel sad that his acting has been underrated. who knows maybe someone saw it and is waiting until they can resti honestly don't know how i feelso my car is officially sold, not sure how i feel about it! something great is in the future so i'm sure i'll be finei always wonder what i've done to deserve all the pain i feel day by day.i feel sadi'm. so proud of bangtan i feel like a proud mom,, why because billboardtop 7 . always subject to change but this is where i feel best at. thank god for the blessings. please respect my decisthere is no avoiding what i feel, there is no avoiding youi feel like being at school is wasting my time so much, i'd honestly rather work from home for examsi feel sick as hell.@spotify lol. i guess that's a little achievement for me. i feel lucky :)i feel you in every vein in every beatin' of my heart in every breath i'll ever take #aldubxdtbypordalabthey don't have any of my social media info but i feel like. they'd somehow just knowalso, i pour my negative thoughts on music, i just play and play until i feel good about myself.....the real question is how to roleplay it has been awhile what is this i feel naked. not literally but- kind ofi got a solid 11 hours of sleep and i feel so invigorated, i could take on the worldyou'll never know what i feel insidesometimes i feel guilt over not suffering at work like everyone else and suffering at home insteadi feel like <bleep>i feel so lost and emptysjhshshs i feel like i just lectured my mutuals on my other account hahahhah ripthe worst part is, as an american, i feel completely powerless to change what's happening in our government.i feel so stupid now :")i feel like after a while a big international superstar is visiting india rn like last time it was michael jacksonhonestly speaking i feel as stunned as i was on dec16 1971 when gen niazi laid down arms before gen jagjeet singh arora.no matter how i feel, his still my brother and this is really hardnoo, i feel bad now!i have behavior problems when im close to gals.dunno why.i feel like i wanna hold their hand and say "you beautiful"i feel like there are ants in my eyes akkzllanzakathe majority of my day i feel really alone.. even though i have my two humans with me all day.i feel subaru or makoto gacha and im afraid(tm)dance like nobody's watching sing like nobody's listening i feel blessed that i have a class full of happy, confidi feel that was a bit uncalled fori am struggling so badly to get money for my surgery, and things are falling apart. i feel so helpless and depressed.i feel like im always on the struggle buswhy is it always days i'm seeing people that i feel most introvertedhow dare joanne lumley say that youre not 007 material i feel she stretches the free speech thing dont understand her meaningi'm so overprotective for the ones i love. i only want the best for them and i feel so helpless when there's nothing i canbefore jimin uploaded his aegyo video he also sent it to taehyung first for approval and tae said "so cute our jiminie"haha i feel like i'm failing miserably at making my point. i meant, men who aren't eager. (waiting for your rebuttal)if the conversation was "everyone hates me personally" and "yeah i feel everyone hates me too". i would not <bleep> in."i feel great this morning, gonna jump up and get ready" *gets up* "oh gawd whyyyy, i long for the embrace of death!"and when you're gone i feel complete, so if you want the truth i just wanna be a part of your symphonyvashti bunyan is music for the soul, i feel it in the deepest parts of me, i've never cried so hard to any music before.i love when i talk to someone and they know exactly how i feeli can see that kang daniel is getting more and more love and supporters after the issue. i feel so happy.why do i feel i know who you're subbing. come on, be a woman and himsomeone please be as mind blown as me, i feel like no one cares, excuse me i learnt some science for oncei feel like i'm in turkey or thailand and wondering when the generals will step in.i'm waking up, i feel it in my bones, enough to make my systems blow. welcome to the new age.because we all have a long list and get overwhelmed. i do and it bothers me when i feel like i don't have ame: *wants to be spoiled* also me: *wont accept anything bc i feel extremely bad if anyone spends any amount of money on me*i feel stucki feel like an idiot for missing you.why ohh why do i feel this way when im with you i feel so aliveright now i feel like i don't want to be an artist anymore.
jacquees always has a song to explain how i feel
aish! seriously, i feel nervous without any reason.. what is this?! #bbmas #btsbbmas
"as a pastor, i feel like a owe you an apology on behalf of those who may never speak such words to you but should." htt
i feel so lonely tbh
i feel disgusting,fat n ugly wooo
our driver just called us a copy and paste of each other... not sure how i feel about that!
i feel like bts really enjoyed philippines they looked so happy and well rested + the fact that jimin posted vids of ph arm
i feel like 2k should implement more dribble packages / options not just one equipable size-up, and add full customization
i feel like #muc will have a treble next season! those jerseys are dooope
i feel all dogs should have brows
why do i feel like this... this isn't right...
i always wonder what i've done to deserve all the pain i feel day by day.
i want to write abt what's happening in the us but i feel like i can't fully express my thoughts in nor inmaybe a mix of both languages?
some write to express some write to impress some write because they like those lines but i write because i'm damn going
i feel like my tweets are the opposite of making a contribution to society, as they should be
i can be goofy, nasty, a sweetheart, a savage, an <bleep>hole, sarcastic, or whatever mood i feel like at the moment
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
ya allah, bring my focus back because i feel so distracted these days. amin ya rabb.
i feel so attacked right now .
i feel like i am in a deep endless always black nothing
i'm not that <bleep> you gone tell wat to do all the time i'll listen if i feel as if you have a valid reason. but that, secure shxt nuhl!
people say if you look good you feel good combs hair nope i feel the same
i feel my loss every night not long to wait and if i do this thing right i dream of our escape
i feel amazing! are you using auras?
"yall are going to wish you h
me: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel better
i feel like absolute <bleep>
i feel like all the group chats i am a part of are 10x more active between the hours 11 p.m. and 2 a.m.
i know sometimes i feel as though my mother expects too much from her children. each time, i think i love her less by the challenge and kin
honestly speaking i feel as stunned as i was on dec16 1971 when gen niazi laid down arms before gen jagjeet singh arora.
i feel naked without my earrings facts
i feel like grif was considering listening to andrews until she mentioned sister
i don't know why i let myself fall so deep for my best friend, i feel like i'm hitting a brick wall.
i feel like if you have enough time to constantly talk about other people, you aren't busy enough with yourself.
when i say i have a crush on the boy at starbucks i feel like a middle schooler
my mother "do you ever stop to think how i feel about you being gay." me being doesn't effect you being straight sis. bye
yeah i feel this too
put back out doing emergency shopping trip for school and now i feel like a 100 year old lady
what a gentleman. pats your cheek before stepping into the cafe. i'll go with hot choco cause i feel cold since morning.
i feel like i slept so good last night, but i am still tired
i feel a long distance relationship would be so cute for me now
i feel so attacked ;_;
i feel like death, today. you will have a sub. this gives you a chance to finish/revise your cqas and do well on reading plus.
i feel lonely, even though i might not be lonely, i feel lonely and i just want that feeling to disappear. i want to be happy, live my life
i honestly like them, i feel like yt would be boring without them. \_()_/
the more i listen to love.. i feel it might go radio.
i feel like i'm not alive
perrie: ... but love is unfaiiir... (starts crying)... me: i feel u perrie edwards
such great talent on but my guy and my votes are with the one who i feel will endure as a mega star!
i feel like, out my friends, i was the only 1 who didn't hear the people say no hugging. i was too preoccupied to hear an
i feel so ill lmao
that gif is why i feel sorry for anyone who never saw bergkamp play irl. one of the top ten players of all time for me.
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards. keep on voting
book. blackberries. blanket. i feel like some cozy female version of dwight schrute right now.
if you're following me, thank you. i'm focusing on ways to improve my future content until i feel better, then stream schedule. no excuses.
i feel like a crime fighting cow. cause my name would be "super-horny" :d #thatwasfuckingbad
there are americans around me and i feel that i need speak like them someone save me before i do something i'll regreti feel like my brain has jumped out of my skull and ran away"... i feel sorry for our die-hard supporters who have been disappointed by the team's defeats"okay i finished the series and i feel like i'm going to vomit from all my emotions i just cried throughout the entire epiloguehate when my baby is hurting, i feel helpless especially when i can't do anything about itmy lil bud at work fell asleep in my arms today after refusing to stop cuddling me for a good half hour. i feel so lovedi feel you but unfortunately that's just the way it isevery day ... this is how i feel politically. between the left's melodrama and trump's bizarre administration. every damnwhen i'm with you, i feel it change i can't complain, it's hard to explain what's going on in my brainwhen you feel the need to constantly degrade others, i feel bad for youuncle adam i feel lonelythe exams on my display name is so annoying i feel like it's mocking the heck out of methis is more confusing than lgl's popularity i feelwhenever i see bangtan, i feel happy but also sad at the same time because them? i knew that they'll never be mine #btsbbmaswhy do i feel like i turned youi hv a habit of turning off my ws and ig notification. i feel like people love it when im not there.i feel for the parents of the guy who died in the beta theta pi hazing :(.@kellyannepolls crossed rubicon last night. i feel bad for her children, who'll be swimming in the wreckage of her lies tif only i can predict the future, i won't be this stressed n insecure everyday. i'm so tired of my life rn. i feel so worn outzil: "i feel comfortable here. i'm happy. arsenal belong as one of the best clubs in the world and london is a great city toemotionally: i'm done mentally: i'm drained spiritually: i feel dead physically: i smileehh i feel like <bleep>i feel so happy ugh why can't they make comebacks like every freaking monthi hate that i let someone else's feelings toward me determine how i feel about myself.i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.i don't feel lucky. i feel extremely craps at times. it's infuriating.great minds!! people be sleep on applesauce. even though i feel 3 years old eating it.i feel sickya allah, bring my focus back because i feel so distracted these days. amin ya rabb.i feel so utterly miserable about the current political situation in the country and the world that i can't imagine a happy future.bruh i feel so <bleep>tybultaoreune i vote for bts for #btsbbmas i stand on the middle of the hot, empty stage and suddenly i feel so afraid of the"yall are going to wish you hoh my.. i need today to be over with already. i feel like craplowkey find it funny that the media is doing the same thing to harry that everyone does to taylor .... i feel bad for harry thohonestly speaking i feel as stunned as i was on dec16 1971 when gen niazi laid down arms before gen jagjeet singh arora.i feel like i need to do something really special for my grandmother since it's mother's day almost her birthday (26) and she keeps my kidplease take care of yourself. haha i feel better to heard that.i don't hate you, because hate is a feeling and i feel absolutely nothing for you. #edwardatcentrioayalamalli came home early cause i feel like <bleep> and i look <bleep> and i feel like i'm about to throw upslept about 40 minutes but i feel gr8love walking up rivington pike but the fun is <bleep>ed out of it when you go with you perfectionist grandad i feel like i'm climbing everestunderestimating your footballin potential i feeli feel sick i feel desperate my country lives under a #russian cloud #trump will make sure every man, woman and child suff"only my shadow knows how i feel about you only my shadow goes where i dream of you and me" i vote for #btsbbgod, i just feel so sick. i live in dc, so i feel like there's something i should be able to do. but i feel so helpless.i'm online now. who want join and play with me. i feel so horny today.i feel like troubling him more, for he deserves some for what he does every time.i feel like #pittsburghpirates have given up on their season it's hard to watch them but watch them i will. i'm a #diehardfan #burghproudi feel so brokebefore jimin uploaded his aegyo video he also sent it to taehyung first for approval and tae said "so cute our jiminie"maybe i'll say how i feelwhen or if anyone ask why i'm on, i feel i owe no explanation.every time i look at the news about my government i feel like i'm living in an alternate reality is this really happeningi feel so emptyi hate yelling at ppl that i care about, i feel so ugly n mean n bad, but i get frustrated easily!! i cant help it! im <bleep>jk to jm: everytime u ask me whats up whenever i feel down, i think u are definitely a good bro. #btsbbmasme and my irls told an autistic kid that unicorns exist in australia and that we went to a unicorn academy and he bought it lol i feel badi feel ya girl!it's soooo annoying and frustrating i feel like we need a break from our phones to concentrate on each other...both of ushey! did anyone tried eating at come forth kitchen in bel air?? i feel super hungry.sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 secondsi know. i feel old :(all this money on me...i feel like matty bi wish you could understand the way i feel about you.have a great day and you know how i feel. not ready to say goodbye yet. see you soon. li feel this too gals (also miss you will i be seeing you at sitc??) <bleep>xxxhonestly, today is very annoying. i feel messed up. uh. ]ofcourse i feel too much i'm a universe of exploding starsops i feel for you baby..my babo i feel more calm u've gone and rest in peace...love you"@kpmohale: i feel like trump is reading out of the same "dummies guide to dictatorship" book as jacob zuma."
lacking of what people have like what they have naturally while some have to go by yrs to make it happen, i feel u bro
this week is 11 years since <bleep>ons was released! i feel so damn old! what are your memories of the song coming out
sometimes i feel like you stalk me... how's it possible for you to have the right thing to say at the right time!!
i feel you
once i feel different about u, ur done
mingyu : im gonna be honest, i feel like you dont like me wonwoo : i've told you multiple times that i dont
i feel no pain during this black night#mountain
only god know how that i feel about u hm
if you're my friend i will never sugar coat anything because i feel bad about you. if that makes me a bad friend then
1/2: with all the cyclist vs. motorist aggro around these days, i feel it's fair to acknowledge the oncoming white van driver...
its 17 degress here how do you think i feel
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
i'm always fine once i man up and get out of bed so why do i feel the need to be a <bleep> every morning
i love u !!! ps i feel u about baejin prefer older girls me is craiying
i feel like i'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen... #qoutes #loveqoutes #sayings
i feel so empty.
whenever i feel my house is messy i just watch hoarders and feel better.
i feel you. the struggle.
i feel you, gonna need to get onto sparknotes pronto
i feel like nothing is going right in my life
i get in these weird moods where i feel super alone even though i'm surrounded by friends and family
praying for lots of cute lil bughead moments in ep 13 bc after none in ep 12 i feel really malnourished
i feel like <bleep>
if im gonna die of rabies it will be the dumbest way to die. i feel like that one ep of the office where meredith was bitten by a bat
no i feel you 100%, but also if your situation is bad you can change it
"there is no greater conflict within me than how i feel about my country and how my country feels about me
ate so much free samples pizza that i don't need lunch. i feel like a scrub
nope because i feel my parents will judge me for unhealthy eating hahah
i feel remorseful choosing motorola, "that moto who dearth to bump into its customer want and agony.
i genuinely don't know how i feel about emison now bc i really do love them together, but this build up is literally what t
i wish to make her happy. i don't know why i feel this way... i'm trying to understand.
i feel like asap has <bleep>ed every female celebrity lol
i'm so tired not the i'm so sleepy tired but the i feel so miserable tired i'm so tired and i don't know what to do anymore
i feel a strong vent coming on and i'm tired
"how do you think you achieved 100 subs?" 'well, i feel that people saw the quality videos on the channel and decided to stick around!'
like she's crying and i feel bad but also her voice is really whiney and she sounds like the clip of katy perry
miss you fam. (but i'm doing the same so i feel you.^__^)
like sure im nice but i feel like no matter how much good i do that im still not nice idk this makes no sense
i'm in a mood and i feel weird.
i feel like i'm a morning person now..
the girl next to us dug <bleep> holes in the sand so she could lay on her stomach and i feel that on a spiritual level
i feel watchu feelin bruh
i feel like
i wonder if there really is a point where a human is satisfied. i feel we're hard wired to always want more and that te
he's gonna have bald patches in the back of his head :( they're going to to <bleep> his hairline up. i feel it
i'm growing out of my skin, out of my environment, out of my element, i feel the discomfort but i also feel the change coming
idk like i fw rob dyrdek he very beneficial to the culture n <bleep>...... ...but i feel like he be sayin <bleep> when nobody
i feel like comey's main motivation throughout all of this was to avoid being yelled at, which, um, has not worked.
before jimin uploaded his aegyo video he also sent it to taehyung first for approval and tae said "so cute our jiminie"
i feel like every time i show up to this class the professor is thinking "who tf is this dude?"
i feel like lucy and ethel at the conveyor belt in the chocolate factory except the chocolates are sudden new violations
drugs til i feel better
yay i feel specia
i feel aloneeee
i feel horrible
this is the busiest week of my life this year and i feel my health slowly deteriorating #help
i feel more comfortable tweeting my feels for hansol here smh...
y'all needed your man to shave y'all while you were pregnant? i'm legit curious.... i feel like i was so independent pregna
when i'm in church i feel safe:)))
i feel like this 50% of the time. the other 50% is thinking i could have been watching baseball.
how tf am i gonna go out to dinner for my mom's birthday this evening when i feel like hell after eating 5 bites of plain spaghetti
have a great day and you know how i feel. not ready to say goodbye yet. see you soon. l
update: i've gotten worse, and i feel so bad. i've tried calling off work, but for some odd reason the number wasn't going through.
sometimes i feel like sometimes i feel like sometimes i feel like thank yall for what yall do
beautiful woman inside and out i'm sure. lovely photo. i feel for you joan she
nobody understand the type of hurt i feelme: i'll just hit the bong once or twice *7 bowls later* me: i feel betteridk why i feel like him being in the delivery room they gonna have a performancei feel bad for james comey.when i fake tan, i feel like i reach my most potential#topbbmas i feel for you but when did you believe you were alonewhy they flood baton rouge? why the city singing alton's blue? why, why, why, why? i feel like jadakiss every time i watch the newspeople have a theory that aria is ad and i don't know how i feel about that.i feel like should disgust me, and yeti feel like i was on drugs when i watched bst jap ver. the <bleep>? #btsbbmasthis is how i feel when i wake up from a nap and i dont see the light so i have to figure out what day i live in, what centuwhy do i feel like i'm in line with all the others?i'm getting so disrespectful if i feel disrespected. make a <bleep> wish she never said nothing in the first place.i feel a stalker coming oni love the way i feel when i'm w/ youuuuuu"i feel like a soup"i feel so bad for them!! they dont vote and speak either to say i am starviaaaaaaaaa thank you thank you i feel so flattered aaai feel dowm today dont know whymy teacher of this class is hella pregnant and out of breath bc talking and i feel like a baby's gonna come our of her <bleep> any momentits the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesdont avoid sugars (for diet purpose or not) when you are on period guys. i feel like fainting n completely drained. i learned my lessoni wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.months ago i cut down to one cup of coffee a day and today i had my normal cup and a macchiato and i feel it in my heartthere is no avoiding what i feel, there is no avoiding youi feel deep shame that it is not.i feel like i never know what's going onrole me up some dope an i feel like myself againsometimes im sad but then i remember that even and isak are in love and i feel happy againi feel like i need to cry and just cry a lot but i haven't been able to get it outi feel sickwell, i feel bad for her. reallyi feel so dumb.sometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.you'll never know what i feel insidei feel attackedi want to make sure that you never have to feel the pain i feel.i feel like my dog is always on plot to eat me. goot morningi feel like it's gone be another slow day at worki just wanna travel like it's literally all i want to do i feel like i'm stuckon the other hand: i feel like i have a wool blanket draped over my head at all times (which especially <bleep>s now that it's getting warmer)i feel like maybe i'm the only one who sees nothing cute about <bleep>es looking 29 turning 21,22i feel so official with a business accounthow i feel 24/7rough. i feel you, buddy.as usual, miguel montero very honest here: "we can't take anything for granted. i feel like right now..(pause)...we do."like keep that to yourself i feel bad enough for all the sickness and health issues i have to fight with now for your rude comments*hugs back* i feel so bad, dude,,,just watched bst jap. version and i feel like my brain just exploded. and my eyes. and my heart. #btsbbmas #bstjapanwoke up with a pretty bad cold this morning. i feel like <bleep>, but at least that means it's bad horror movie day.i feel bad for the people who gave up on me because they lost somebody who would of never given up on themi feel so #grateful to have my family this morning.i can't help myself lol. i wanfor every day, i miss you. for every hour, i need you. for every minute, i feel you. for every second, i want you. forever,"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feei vote for for #btsbbmas top social artist award it's a great thing to follow each others guys , i feel we're gei feel like the only time anyone ever hears about jon hamm is when we see his <bleep> through his pantschris cuomo makes my day! i feel good now.i feel like every other home in havertown and d hill is for salei wish you could understand the way i feel about you.am i pushing you into #diapers 24/7? yes. am i excited that you're losing #control? yes. do i feel bad i'm making you #incoi feel so sickdont ever ask me how i feel right now im nearly deadi feel naked without my hat
too many calculators. i feel like we hardly got to know any of them. still pretty entertaining.
i'm breaking out i feel so ugly );
i'm actually gonna fail wtf like i studied but now i feel like imma fail yooooooo wtfsgshsjsjs
i feel so happy this morning with comey's firing. i feel like we are finally kicking <bleep> and i am so happy with our potus.we are americans
cooking dinner before work might be my new wave, i feel accomplished lol
i feel you im a strong believer in heart shaped food
i feel it coming
sometimes i just can't ignore the way i feel when i see you smile. #dtbydeliryo
wow i feel like trash
i feel so alone.
so uhhh nobody watches pimple videos huh.. just me.. help nobody reciprocated i feel alone and strange
but i feel this so let me just like, try my best not to let this happen again
i need to tell how i feel when i us together forever. #shawnbbmas
oh my god. <bleep> from rob dyrdek's fantasy factory died. i feel a part of my childhood crumbling off. im so sad. rip <bleep>
i feel like.. perhaps it is time we define the parameters of blasphemy and what it is and is not. that's a good idea. i don't know, maybe?
i'm not scared to tell you how i feel about the <bleep> you say
i feel like <bleep>s need to come in my life wit they <bleep> together .. i don't got time to teach y'all right from wrong
i feel like... <bleep>
i know that it hasn't been long since we started our friendship but i feel like i can trust u with anything and that you'll be there for me
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
emotionally: i'm done mentally: i'm drained spiritually: i feel dead physically: i smile
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i can't show you how i feel
lord knows that i'm blessed, but sometimes i feel cursed
i feel too gross to draw and thats just making me feel worse mentally bc i have nothing to do
i feel like <bleep>
you're probably asleep right now, school's been keeping you busy and i feel you sm :(
i feel sick
i feel like velma when she loses her glasses....
i wish you could understand the way i feel about you.
you'll never know what i feel inside
today i feel: abandoned ugly hurt like i don't matter useless invisible not worthy of love
i feel like garbage
ggggasssp nno im not worthy hdsfkdjf but i...i feel so honored,
i feel like we should talk about this on the podcast tonight ;)
that's how i feel about mine. i don't even think it's readable.
i'm trying my hardest not to act how i feel.
i never say how i really feel because i feel like sometimes no one understands.
i don't have many #sbseurovision opinions but i feel strongly that was robbed
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
...i feel like giving back to the world. i need to! i just don't quite know how yet...
the whole album talks about how i feel.
once i feel unappreciated .. i'm gone
i feel you gurl -_-
i feel like i talk too much sometimes and so i refrain from posting as much
sometimes (most of the time) i feel like the fire emblem franchise plays like one huge glorified fanfic
don't start with me this is how i feel lol
top 5 of hv_naraya: kind friendly kinda sweet easily touching [that's what i feel] need attention
i feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance. #dtbydeliryo
i feel like meek mill on a plug beat rn
i feel like im the only ap english student who isn't taking the ap test today
i feel bad for the people who aren't close with their parents cause idk where i'd be without mine
i feel so sad for myself being underappreciated by myself
i feel like i'm always the last person to finish eating
whenever you're not around, i feel like i'm missing my blessings
i'm tired dawg but i feel wonderful
i feel like people don't really realize im a good person with good intentions..
i feel like we really need to rewatching it together
i feel more than sick to my stomach right now..
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
ohmygod i can't deal with those docs. i feel you
i feel so pretty and tipsy
i feel violated, mace has just flung a bottle of irn bru at my chest
yup. that's why i feel a lot of "grow to like or love" is also fictional.
i promise i'm trying my best not to act how i feel .
if i feel like u dont respect me i cant participate in the friendship. if i feel like u lack consistency in how u interact w
an amazing stream capped of with singing "i feel it coming" with and
ppl loveeee my bare face i get the most compliments when i feel i look dry.
today's the last day you're 17 how do you feel because i feel pretty attackedi feel like i'm gonna be ill.that i get confused with her tone and it doesnt make us both awkward, nor do i feel intimidated hard to find people like that~11:11 i feel really happy when i see you, because when i look at you and see your smile, it also makes me have a smile.i feel ui never say how i really feel because i feel like sometimes no one understands.i feel like crapi feel like i've reached a middle age. i'm washing the clothes, changing the bedding, going out for essentialsand just now sentimental fly masternim speaks up about this and i feel like ah finallyyysometimes, i feel like i'm being forgottenwhen specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i owhow you feel cannon? i feel outstandinguggghh i feel so badim so depressed right now that i dont feel mad at all in fact i feel nothini feel like a$ap rocky is one of the greatest in the gamei feel like i'm about to cry yo. im soo madyea i understand. i feel the same way the last 8 years.; i feel ignoredi haven't been able to sleep these past few days and i feel like deathgirl i feel youterrible news. i feel for his family. it's time for stiffer penalties for impaired driving.have a great day and you know how i feel. not ready to say goodbye yet. see you soon. lif you don't know what freestyle, new wave and breakbeats are i feel sorry for you, you missed out.i feel like firing comey is one part getting rid of opposition, one part smokescreen.ain't none of my business but i feel sick.i feel sorry for lib's kids. with all these marches, their parents are wasting quality family time running around like a bunch of lunatics.i feel like an idiot for missing you.why do i feel like we'll be back to emo6 next monthim watching trb vids i feel attackedi feel at this point in life god literally can strip you from everything ...this huge spider literally just almost climbed up my arm and now i feel like i'm surrounded by themi'm feeling so weird rn i feel like i can come over to your house at any timei feel crushedi feel so dead this morningonce i feel unappreciated .. i'm gonethat's how i feel about illustrations by al hirschfeld.i feel ya! #btsbbmasi feel like absolute <bleep>. i wish i was at home, curled up with jonathan and my dixie girlsadly in southern ky, i feel that's a low percentage. #choosepti feel like redbone is one of those songs you gotta listen to a couple times to really vibe with and it just happened"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feei feel like <bleep> todayi feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happeni feel i lose something or someone every weekthis time, i feel too much and think too littlei feel so content with life right nowi feel so bad for those who're doing poly's entrance exam, like y'all don't even know what's cominglol man i feel great.i feel the vibe switch in every room that i enteri feel rather indifferent towards you now. kisses soblesseddamn. i feel good this morning, i feel good about life.had too much caffeine and i feel like my heart is gonna take off or something urghi feel so sorry for the dutch. in the end the euro just damages everyone. #draghii feel bad for people who get on my bad side.i feel sooo fatdo u ever miss santana...i feel nostalgicmy professor cancelled class this morning. i feel blessed.i wish i could explain to ou how i feel, because ever night before i go to bed, ou're all i think about.omg go for it, trace! that would make for a good case study. i haven't watched the show yet and i feel like watching it toojust had to go and favourite the whole thread - i feel your painwow i feel like absolute <bleep> loli can like you, but if i feel like i'm not getting the same feeling back, ima fall back, i don't wanna feel like i'm bi look good today i feel good today if anyone ruins my mood i swear to god...2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouragedi feel broken inside...i mean...yes. but i feel like the petty is flowing in abundance this good morning.
when specific game discussions turn from playing great games to which piece of plastic i ow
nope, i don't. i told yall how i feel about that show
perfectly represents how i feel about today's final
i feel the freest i've felt for so long creatively cos i'm not worrying about the sound . <bleep> sake shoulda sorted this earlier.!
omg rob must be heart broken i feel so bad :( he'll be so missed
i vote for for the #btsbbmas award for the top social artist of the year what i feel
somehow this meal doesn't feel satisfactory... on top of that, i feel pain in my wallet.
i feel like it'll be robots or some <bleep>.
oh my god i feel sick its by the same company that made that bomb selfie app too so you know this phone is made for selfies
i feel so good rn
im so nervous i feel like im gonna throw up
i feel like i'm alway hungry
i feel like hiding makes them want it, good to keep away but letting them know ya know ?
sometimes i feel like nobody likes me nobody wants me nobody needs me nobody cares
i feel fortunate to be in a position to help some overcome religion. a lovely note-last line:"now we have no religion and we
yes nothing is everlasting i live without you even i feel like dying mochi i voted for #btsbbmas top social arti
just finished lifting weights and i feel good. i'm just that awesome.
emotionally: i'm done mentally: i'm drained spiritually: i feel dead physically: i smile
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i feel like your doing great like this
i feel like you may be the problem
like no one knows how bad it hurts and how bad i regret hardly ever going to see my mamaw. i feel like i really let her down
and i'll give you a nickname based on how i feel about you.
if i feel really bad i just remind myself "hey, you could be hopsin", "you could be forced to listen to more life", "lo
how i treat you is how i feel about you
the meeting was earlier. my good mood is gone. i feel farther away from understanding it than ever. i am tired and feel stupid.
but god that <bleep>ing <bleep>s. i feel so bad
i feel a little off about today and that scares the livin' hell out of me.
i woke up this morning and i felt down and out no lie... but somehow i feel like god's been sending me reminders
the higher my ponytail, the more powerful i feel
solid lol i feel you
it's ok fam i feel ya ,but don't overwork ok get some rest also !
i feel weak
im seriously so grateful to park sungwoo fans i feel like it's their fan accounts and reactions getting tae his acknowle
like you guys don't understand how amazing he is i want to cry how blessed i feel existing on the same dimension as him
i feel like i'm in elementary school.
everyone knows how i feel about tho, so when i saw him i lost all of my mind.
how i wish i could tell u how i feel.
there are words to describe how i feel about super why, but you won't read any of them in super why's stories.
don't lose me noodle. i feel so bad. without you.
i feel you, bro.
right on! exactly how i feel man.
instead of telling you how i feel, i tweet.
"i don't get a kick readin stories abt me.i prefer to be visible 4 my work coz i feel,if u r good at ur job,audience w
i feel like i work so well under pressure lmfao. my final exam essay is due at 5pm. i work at 12:30 so it has to be done by noon......
"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i fee
jack (cheated and betrayed by philly) : i moved on. single victoria (who was never in the story) : i feel humiliated. me. me. me. me. #yr
.. when i close my eyes , i always see you . you come to me and take my hands. then i feel calm by your touching.
i feel like ginobili
some days, i feel like the whole world has gone mad...and stupid. :p
i hate yelling at ppl that i care about, i feel so ugly n mean n bad, but i get frustrated easily!! i cant help it! im <bleep>
i'm back and i feel very stressed
i swear all this hurt i feel i'm doing it to myself
i feel so sorry for the group chat when i'm out - always end up having a very descriptive heart to heart chatting pure waffle
i feel ya
whenever i think of filipino research, i feel sleepy.
had so much to do today but finally getting some sleep feels amazing my mom allowed me to just rest all day and i feel like crying
although we havent meet in person, but why am i feel that we are so close?
i feel bad bcz i havent talked to some of my mutuals in so long :((( but ion kno i feel awkward now
black tom brady i feel really proud of myself with this new song. i hope you guys enjoy it. i want u to all celebrate and
i feel like the wizards a whole different team when they play at home. i can't see them losing both games in dc bruh
but why do i feel like youre being taken away? i vote for top social artist at the bbmas. #btsbbmas11:11 i feel really happy when i see you, because when i look at you and see your smile, it also makes me have a smile.i'm breaking out i feel so ugly );i feel like somthing is stucking in my oesophagus.<bleep> passed away today and i feel like part of my childhood went with him too...im so tired i feel drunk or somethingi feel like this is a conversation we'd end up havingok i feel better it's gonna be a good dayvoting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas from your hands, i feel your warmthi feel so crusty without my nails donei feel so much better emotionally, no gender dysphoria issues, but can walk a lot of neptunia pics i take it xdeze nnunu i feel ur morning vib based on logistics.i feel like i'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen.every few months, i feel the need to check up on miley cyrus and liam hemsworth. are they still together? are their dogs getting along?you don't know how i feel right now!j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel like all of these comparisons of trump to nixon are pretty insulting to nixon.i feel called upon to make a better future for my grandchildren and yours. thats why im running for congress.i feel like if you don't believe in god you've never felt his power or presence.. cause babywhy do i feel like you're going to do another cover soon?i'm half alive but i feel mostly deadlet me go get groceries, i feel like being domestic todaywhen i keep tryna replace "bonsam" with "awurade" when singing j hus - did you see and i feel god's disappointment shinii feel like i repetitively talk about luke yet i feel like it doesn't define how amazing he is. he just makes me lost fori feel like lucy and ethel at the conveyor belt in the chocolate factory except the chocolates are sudden new violationsi feel like there are only 2 possibilities: -tp will never tweet #topbbmas or -they will, but only on the very lastyou weren't there, either. i feel bad for you. you have a serious mental problem.i feel i'd have more fun eating cereal at my home with someone for a first date rather at a cereal restaurant. that's super weirdi feel so much better today think i had the 24 hour flu but my brother and sister are still sick :/i feel like 90% of the items listed on facebook market are iphones that are forwhatever reason locked, and not at all stoi feel like i'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen...i feel bad you really got all 3 wrong. <bleep>us killed lexa, alie killed ontari and grounder tradition killed luna. dismissed h#dawnleaks i have tears in my eyes coz i saw my army apologies from a indian raw agent a corrupt pm a criminal . i feelif i feel really bad i just remind myself "hey, you could be hopsin", "you could be forced to listen to more life", "loi feel mad alone with this <bleep> even though i'm notyay! i feel so pretty!i feel like this depends on if any wild <bleep> popped off during 3rd shift twitter lolpolybius told me to have curry for dinner and that the commodore 64 was great so yeah i feel confident in saying it's the greai feel horrible still today so i might stay offlinei'm bout to be balls deep in a panic attack i feel it coming let's gotoday i feel so pretty btw but still no mood for a selfie.i feel ok when i see you smile :) #btsbbmasgoooodmorning though i feel like i have already been up a full day. does this #momlife ever get easier? #family #babies #sleepless #loveok i feel kind of ok enough to be awake, henlo everyone.@sjw_nonsense i feel like 80% of their web traffic is from people laughing at their articles
i feel like they're ******* * ***** *****
i feel so lonely and numb in the crowded space, you left me without direction
y'all should also know your love languages, i feel like it would make this easier for all of us.
i feel sympathy for it must be <bleep>ing hard to deal with this insane stuff
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
why do i feel like today is going to be extraaaa long.
i feel like voluntarily buying a funkopop is maybe the single most nihilistic thing a person can do.
i'll keep letting this <bleep> eat me up inside before i tell you how i feel
it's just great. i feel so stoned just listening to this. i'm a fan.
deadass i feel that <bleep> in my heart
i feel like masturbation doesn't do <bleep> if you want the real thinggggg
i'm not a fan of berman. i've met him. but this is tragic and i feel for him over this for sure.
i feel uncomfortable
i feel like... <bleep>
emotionally: i'm done mentally: i'm drained spiritually: i feel dead physically: i smile
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
grayson is a great person i feel so bad for not saying it very often
that gif is why i feel sorry for anyone who never saw bergkamp play irl. one of the top ten players of all time for me.
that's exactly how i feel! it's been almost 3 yrs since i was last there. i wish i could afford to live there.
i feel sad for people who drink alcohol on trains
i feel like kpop awards should just matter to you more than a billboard one does
i feel like there are only 2 possibilities: -tp will never tweet #topbbmas or -they will, but only on the very last
i say im fine but im going insane i say i feel good but im in pain i say it's nothing but it's really a lot i say im okay but
once i feel different about you, ya done.
i feel like every decision i ever make is always the wrong one
i feel sorry tho, i cant hear you bc the sound of our success is so loud #btsbbmas
i feel like the "this is fine" dog has replaced the bald eagle as our national mascot.
why is it that i feel heart broken when i finish reading a book?
sometimes i feel like nobody likes me nobody wants me nobody needs me nobody cares
"yall are going to wish you h
when you're gone i feel incomplete
cliche, predictable, and just cheesy. so many x-rated i feel like watching <bleep> instead. like the ending tho.. 1,5/5 #evilgames
you light my fire baby i'm satisfied with you baby you blow my mind i feel alive with you baby
the worst part is, as an american, i feel completely powerless to change what's happening in our government.
i lied i'm ignoring your calls, lately i feel like you don't derserve a response
i feel like my created wrestler, slam duder, should be world champion
i feel like <bleep> if anyone was wondering.
i'm waking up, i feel it in my bonesenough to make my systems blow
the day i feel like <bleep> just happens to be the day my parents are out of town and no one can get me lol
i feel like such an old grandma... watching the news in the recliner with a cup of coffee.
lol i feel like i'm gonna throw up but i haven't eaten anything so oh whale
sorry but i don't let hashtags decide how i feel on the internet..
i feel like whichever lucario gets the lead has advantage
i feel like if there was ever a way to force an election or make someone step down this is it.. dead children is the last st
poor jungkook, he was just being his normal extra self when suddenly got hit with the jumping rope.. i feel bad for laughing
haha yes i hope we see more of him on the next book. i feel like he kind of disappeared from the story.
so many girls omd but i feel lonely af
outta body, that's jus how i feel when i'm around you shawty
i just do things i feel i want to do or believe they are right.
i don't know how should i feel anymore.
i feel like complete <bleep>
you black and you fight for the caucasians in their many armies.... i feel sorry for you!
"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i fee
this 1d hiatus is actually good for us because we are getting more music from each of the boys i feel blessed
i feel bad for whoever lost me like wow do you realize the big mistake you made, you'll never find someone like me again.
fksksdk i feel like dan looks like pewdiepie sometimes but pewdiepie doesn't look like dan at all lmao
i feel so fancy, telling my people i have a 6pm conference call with people from all over the world. so fancy.
i know that you are the one, because when we are apart i feel incomplete. i never want to be without you. goodnight
here in my house watching this i feel helpless. what can an individual do to help...
i feel like i should just focus on architecture stuff "nonanime" since i need two more after the stairway to show my teacher
my room is different. i feel good but tired. i was up all damn night cleaning and moving stuff.
i feel like people don't really realize im a good person with good intentions..
i feel so good! i have to spread this love.
i feel like i should have $10000000000 but nope...
why should i feel discouraged? why should the shadows come? why should my heart feel lonely and long for heaven and home?
when you scan my gallery, i feel naked.hehe #embarassing
lol i can't do anything with them on i feel like there's bricks on my fingers
"i feel you" she cries.
just started watching re:creators~ man, i feel like i'll like the antagonists more. nyahaha
i feel your pain today girl !! sincere apologies
forgot a hair elastic in the shower today so i fastened up my hair with a single q-tip and i feel like i just performed some bonafide magici slept 12 hours and i feel like a new person.#cb i feel mentally down latelyi feel so crusty without my nails doneso i'm watching dawson's creek again and i know joey and dawson break up, i know about the pacey thing, but i feel personally attacked.i feel so nice mom, i feel so nice i vote for the top social artist awards #btsbbmasi feel sad for that girl who father died crazyit's actually annoying at how i feel so <bleep>ing happy in one point, and then just some stupid thought would cause me to break downisang hi naman mamshiee. i feel so down todayi feel like as a surprise, they'll be different, betting on iti've been <bleep>ing and poppin pillies man i feel just like a rockstarrri feel like it's 5am during a all nighter 11days down 16 to goi feel bad for couples who have to look through each other's phones for trusti can't believe there's a red carpet for the show i feel likes it's going to be one of his best ones tonighti feel so worthless rn. :'(i feel great about it but i would feel even better if they perform #btsbbmasand again i feel heat coming out of my <bleep>na i feel it definitely getting past pittsburgh would put a different mindset on the capsi feel so nauseous ...after watching a dogs purpose, i feel so good about my life...everything will work out eventually...i feel sorry tho, i cant hear you bc the sound of our success is so loud #btsbbmas"i can't explain how i feel but it hurt so much."also extra glad that i only got 3 hours of sleep and i feel worse than i did yesterdayevery single sentence here can be proved wrong with solid facts. i feel sorry for the person who wrote this. it's stupid. ai feel better.i feel the same. not my type of show. and i hate that he helped normalize trump. so did snl, by the way.you ever finish a show/game, and then felt like you didn't know what else to do with your life? that's how i feel after just beating zeldai feel like the "female" equivalent of hooters would be a bunch men in nice sweaters w/ puppies, who are respectful. the reai did a mallon-less clear of phaleg as summoner and i feel so proud rncongratulations to ! as a father of a 2 year old myself i feel your reasoning 4 winning! trust me lil fatso will b proudi feel you, nobody can replace cardi . but i like her too , she doesn't really rub me the wrong wayfor the first time in a while i feel like the second round of the nhl playoffs have been significantly better than the first"yall are going to wish you hi feel so drained with all the work i did. damni'm addicted to the way i feel about you when i think about you.i feel like i'm ready to go to war for the love that i am, if needed. i feel like action is about to be needed. i feetryna find the energy to go to the gym lol i feel good wyd?i feel so <bleep>ty omgi feel happy when the people around me are happy. when people are happy, the people around them become happy!i love when ppl check on me. just to see how i've been doing especially when i feel like it's genuine.i feel like i just woke up from the deadi'm lost for words, i feel so sad for dara. she was a trinity student, an activist, a writer, huge hearttrying to pinpoint the exact disconnect why i feel like throwing a fit when paying to learn. is it.. entitlement to want $ to be worth <bleep>i feel that way with water. it's the shia in me which comes out demanding water as my basic right.[10:44-10:48] kitty kat - what i feelgoodmorning i feel deadbeen catching some rays for half an hour and i feel slightly burntjust been offered to do a dj battle. i feel bad for my opponenti feel like dyingfor the #bbmas top social artist award, my vote goes to #btsbbmas kiss me althought it hurt nad all i feel is the burni feel like i'm getting worse at everythingi can't sugarcoat the answer for you, this is how i feel: if somebody kill my dog, that mean somebody gettin' killed hthere's this piano song that i found in a vid with a pic of the quinx squad and now i feel so sad when i listen to itthis is unfair. i feel personally attackedwow i feel this so much lmaoagh i feel terriblei feel this on a spiritual leveli've been following you for free! i feel like such a sap.yeah, i feel like nintendo does it on purpose, so the figurines are "rare""women in law drive effective change." this is how i feel re andsally yates is my hero. that's exactly how i feel when someone condescends to me.just saw bliss. wooooh i feel like my brains been stretched out. incredible mindf**k film. see itnas and nicki just don't match to me i feel like nas is on another level as far as intellect goes.
i feel bad for people that cross me because they will never get to feel me in their lives ever again.
ugh i'm in accounting class so i feel ya gurl
i feel like im trap
i feel so hated i just ok <bleep> this i dont know <bleep> me ill shut my mouth for now this doesnt help anyone
every time i feel sad i just remember that i have so much of my life to live and everything i worry about now won't even
i feel like i never get enough sleep
i don't know why but i feel sad for you ()
i aint with that bs fam...i feel ke go nyatsa motho just doing what you wanna do, then expect to be in a relo with that person..ke sharpo
and you yourself have that characteristic... yet you don't change it... wallah i feel sorry for us
i've fixed my math teachers errors twice in the past 5 minutes... i feel kinda bad?
ion even do booty to even make a baby . <bleep> nor be inna mood to be touched i wan do booty wen i feel like it
i feel like everybody living doin what they want but me..
such great talent on but my guy and my votes are with the one who i feel will endure as a mega star!
i feel more energized. and lighter. it's a great feeling.
i feel so numb what the hell #asntm5
i feel so byutipul tonyt thankz to that amazing app
i could start fires with what i feel for you
i am sooo sensitive 2 caffeine had a coffee wiv my lunch cos i thot it wud b nice i feel like my heart is racing jittery!
god has my destiny ready as i feel the light placing me there now, i love you grandma grandpa and dad i know ur helping guide me
it's so weird because even though i feel fine today, i still feel like i need a big cry?
i feel like sht today i wanna die
i feel the overtly capitalistic system favors the rich, and the well-to-do (evidence: the current state of middle class).
the worst part is, as an american, i feel completely powerless to change what's happening in our government.
i feel like all my friends push me away when they feel a certain type of way
i feel so powerful rn
i feel like yall frown upon doing covers/remixes to other ppls songs and i don't understand why.
i feel the same....
i feel like it was just yesterday when we hit over 50m votes now is already 150+m vote im crying #btsbbmas
i feel like there are only 2 possibilities: -tp will never tweet #topbbmas or -they will, but only on the very last
i dont judge. i just say what i feel.
i feel is kilig i love cutie
i feel like hooping
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
wakasa "even when i haven't killed, i feel satisfied..." (sweet ending)
i watched this documentary on watergate recently, and i feel like i'm seeing it on loop right now.
i feel like way too many of my friends are too optimistic that trump will be gone in the coming months.
want to tell you how i feel
i feel like a proud mother lol i vote for top social artist awards #btsbb
but don't u find woh catchy disregarding the lyrics? cuz i admit lyrics are not on the good side..i feel bad for liking the song
i'm not sure what i did wrong by waking up today, but i feel terrible about it.
no amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feel
haven't been to sleep, but i feel blessed this morning. like a weight is off my shoulders.
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
i feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of ever
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i feel/ look so terrible this morning
i feel like i've become the saltiest <bleep> ever and i embrace that fact
i feel so numb
i feel like everyday i'm quarreled with for not eating.never thought my chemistry exam would go that well, i feel so good ayeoptic pre game talk: mixwell: "tarik will top frag today i feel it" tarik: "i just wish i don't bottom frag" jason: "aiming toi feel as if i open up to people because they so happen to be there but if i'd think it through on wether or not tell them,sometimes i feel like i'm not wantedidk why i feel like school and work is kicking my <bleep>, the only difference is i have homework till 12-100 at night lol i have no energyi feel like i'm ok with the ap exam it's just the time that scares mei feel like if gena and chloe had a baby it would look like me. #shookti feel sorry for people that haven't watched friends beforei feel like a lot of us spend way to much time looking for someone or a relationship when we should spend more time figuring ourselves out.stupid i feel bad nowwhen i'm with you, i feel like i'm right where i belong.i feel like i might stop selling myself short todayi feel like the twins are gonna keep teasing us making things purple so we are like omg 4ou and they're gonna be like wesaniwa, just because i may see a lot, that doesn't mean i feel comfortable sharing any personal things about the swords...ok guys i need help so today i just lost one of my best friends due to her parents and i'm depressed about it tell me whai feel like throwing upim too shy to tell you how i feel, and i'm afraid if i ask you "what do you think of me?" your reply will be "i dont."may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.wth i posted my selca day 6 minutes ago and it's blown up i feel greati'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you" everybody said it would hurt in the end, hurt in the end, but i feel nothing "you are a disgrace! i feel sorry for you. having to live your life, lying for this un-american/russian president.i feel like its an important explanation tho, but okay....swear my 7 day streak is finally gonna end. i feel so bad for my liver that i think is non-existent anymore #labanreizai feel like more people need to see this. it's a perfect example of how fox news is unethicai feel like getting the casing at scape hmmputting a shot of espresso in my coffee this morning was a really bad idea, i'm so shaky i feel like drug addictheavydirtysoul // one of the hardest to rap but sometimes i feel this when you're not worthy, yknow? #tsometimes i wish you were in my place just to know how i feel.i feel you sis"yall are going to wish you hj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel like that's everyonei feel like a million bucks a churning mass of antlers and rolling eyes pouring through the forest at night like a greatoh yeah i feel you, just check out the reviews and see if you can trust it fri feel like if i sit any closer to my desk ima be sitting on my keyboardthere are days i feel we should be paid for being ugandan......i feel like the world would be a better place if everyone wasn't scared to be honest with peoplei feel itfor a brief, adolescent x-files-induced fervor, i wanted to be an fbi agent and boy do i feel good about becoming a cartooi feel so joyful because of my little sunshine jhoooope! keep voting as top social artist!! #btsbbmasi just realised i haven't tweeted in 5 days i feel like i owe you guys... like this tweet for a dmrewatching summer wars right now. i feel like it's a tragedy i never wrote about one of my favorite films.i feel successfuli feel so uncomfortable20 likes and i feel like a <bleep> ."i want to sleep until i feel better."how i feel when carl runs away from mei feel like i'm drowning in my thoughts.i feel the need to rewatch every episode of rob and big :((((it's 58 degrees wit 90% humidity i feel like ima diei always thought i knew what true love was, now that i feel it, it's a million times better than anything i could've ever expected.i feel so nice mom i feel so nice vote for the #btsbbmas .i feel so fortunate to have had passionate people teach me in education and in life, but i really feel for those who have to sit and watchi'll keep letting this <bleep> eat me up inside before i tell you how i feel"keep the smile on your face, never wear it out." - words from my former student. i always keep it in mind whenever i feeldamm i feel oldis appreciation a learned trait? because i feel like some have never learned how to feel that for others in their lives.i feel so damn alonei feel like there are only 2 possibilities: -tp will never tweet #topbbmas or -they will, but only on the very lastgood morning i feel grossi feel like i'm living a totally new life now. and it all starts with who u devote ur energy to and the value they bring toit gets tiring feeling like the black sheep. could be self proclaimed but nonetheless it's how i feeli wish you could understand the way i feel about you."i feel relieved because the justice has been served" mas matino pa yung justice system ng asntm kesa sa pilipinas grnoah fence but i feel like im dying.presidents aren't supposed to start screaming at tvs until the last days of an admin. i feel like we're binge-watching thejm: i feel like being tall rn. v: don't worry, it's just your feeling. i vote for #btsbbmas top social artist awai feel like i'm spongebob going to sleep then going out of my dream to visit other people's dreamsgerrard: "i feel like we all played a game around #torres to make him feel phenomenal, like he was the main man." #lfcoooo i feel that on a spiritual level
this is how i feel about eurovision.
i feel like i've had 359 followers since i started my acc
you asked me how i feel ?! - i say nothn.
my back <bleep>ing hurt. i feel like an old <bleep> lady
for me the worst was paul walker robin williams. so i feel ya.
i feel incomplete
i'm not going to beg for your attention. if i feel like you on some other <bleep> i'm gone let you go. simple as that
spot on. i feel the same. very brave and honest . not a sign of weakness but you have been trying to be bra
i feel like nathan fielder is behind the fidget spinners. only plausible reasoning for their high demand and indisputable p
i feel like they were always on sale like $3/15 or something wild?
"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i fee
i feel attackedt
yeah that's what i was asking cuz i feel like even if you may not like it baby girl doesn't miss lol
jm: i feel like being tall rn. v: don't worry, it's just your feeling. i vote for #btsbbmas top social artist awa
woke up late but i feel great. hope you all have really swell days!
in a room full of failures, i feel out of place-
i feel so tired, but i cant sleep.
that's how i feel right now...got two tomorrow
i woke up this morning and everything fell into place and now i feel at ease.
i feel sorry tho, i cant hear you bc the sound of our success is so loud #btsbbmas
oh hell no, i feel very light droplets. hurry up
this is my favourite ed sheeran song of all time, btw. nakakachubby ng puso. i feel so love
always scared to express how i feel because of being too scared to be shut down
i live in norway and i feel sorry for the people in usa
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
9. #btsbbmas i feel so nice, mom i feel so nice
i feel like rillo today straight petty
i feel like the whole world want me to pray for 'em but who the <bleep> prayin' for me?
i feel like i have to rewatch rob big now, one of the first shows i ever watched religiously growing up. #ripbig
i feel super sad but i want to thank my fans for understanding and always being there for me. i love u all more then u kn
omg that's how i feel about my snap but i deactivated whatsapp/dm them to me after pretty pls x
but you know why !!!! i feel so unbearable when i talk bout you know what :(
i. feel. like. <bleep>.
i feel you. you don't realize how much it's really holding you back till you take a step back.
no matter how i feel, it's always true that the one thing that makes me smile is you.
i feel better y'all yesterday ise <bleep>in
i feel youuuuuu
i feel it's partly because the seiyuu can bring up the atmosphere as well. like, rie takahashi is so full of energy always
if home is where the heart is, why do i feel so heartless?-the joker
i feel like lucy and ethel at the conveyor belt in the chocolate factory except the chocolates are sudden new violations
i feel like there are only 2 possibilities: -tp will never tweet #topbbmas or -they will, but only on the very last
once i feel unappreciated .. i'm gone
i feel it in my belly.
i feel so down
crowds i play to seem to like it but i feel it's more of a song i'd play towards the end of the night
y du i feel dis
i look like trash and i feel like trash
lol i feel his pain on a spiritual level
emoji on your nickname perfectly describes what i feel about goodwill's tweet.
100 on my wrist <bleep> i'm feeling like d rose pop 4 xanasz now i feel like a hero
and it's reasons like this that makes me want to block you off twitter. so you don't see how i feel.
1s collapse after a good start and are bowled out for 178! kershaw 45, hickford 43. i feel a quick spell from chris harwood on the cards
i feel like i live in an altered universe. how can they all turn their backs on country. this cannot, this
this flu thing attacked me overnight. i feel so betrayed by my own body
i feel bad fa you cause you lost the only girl that loved you but then again, i'm like <bleep> it oh well .
#btsbbmas i'm not a dancer so i can only describe what i feel as an audience
"i feel relieved because the justice has been served" mas matino pa yung justice system ng asntm kesa sa pilipinas gr
hello, chu! is it alright to address you as that? by the way, thanks a lot for welcoming me. i feel home.
feedback to our health team: "i feel i have made really good progress and realised it's ok to have problems." #mentalhealthawarenessweek
why do i feel that my raw materials prof is an amazing chef?whenever my tweets don't get retweeted, i feel like arthouse cinema.i feel, act and look like <bleep> todayi feel like teyana taylor <bleep> got a 6 packcollege republicans: i feel this stigma, i feel ostracized by my peers on campus for being a republican also college republsomewhere between mochi's black hair and pink hair, i graduated and i feel old. i vote for for #btsbbmas -mi feel like i'm waiting fore something that isn't going to happen jollibeedasapuso marvoreei feel like every teacher ever got together last six weeks and made a bet on who can fail the most students this six weeksi feel this very hardi feel so uncomfortable puchanot sure how i feel about this snap updatei feel y'allbryan - "i love to wrestle. my contract is coming up in a few months, and if i feel my health is good then that's whati feel like his personality gets bigger every day too! having a toddler is funmay allah make my heart strong when i feel down.guys, is kek a gender? i feel transgender in a <bleep> posty waythis girl is forever copying me looooool i feel to hersubmitted my dissertation and now i feel quite sickjm: i feel like being tall rn. v: don't worry, it's just your feeling. i vote for #btsbbmas top social artist awai feel that i'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen.i love you not because of anything you have, but because of something that i feel when i'm near you.most of them do lol me: i feel bad because of... them: that's nothing compared to what's happening to me.. like dudhe def brings a lot to the table but at same time he's ting is good either way i feeli feel so emotional this week what the what is happening to me :(it's taken 2 years for my opinion on mgs5 to finally solidify. i feel confident saying i love that game now. i wish it was finished though.i feel like i'm going <bleep>in crazyj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel so bad when i'm sleepy and people try to talk to mei feel sooooo worthless and incompetent hahaha!i feel strange herehow is it i feel more tired after getting 7 hours of sleep than i did getting almost none? bodies are stupid.and its impossible to let someone new in, i can tryin but . i feel to broken lolwow what a beautiful day i feel refreshed although i'm drowning in revision and guilt :) xhow do i feel you on me when you're not on my skin?i feel like i haven't slept since the day i was bornwhen you say i feel it usually means you thought iti feel the same :(my ears hurt. my head hurts. my throat hurts. i feel so dizzy, and so heavy #btsbbmas i votei feel like hongseok doesn't know i can't see his mentions because he mentions me even when i blocked him.i've thought to be strong and now i feel like au'm not because of the word f ****ti feel you buddy.i feel like if you claim you fw somebody you should never have them wondering what position they play in your life . gf/bfif your hatred for cork is so much you can't even let a roguish galwegian swindle them then i feel bad for you tbhanother drift event without my car ready, i feel empty.i feel so ugly without them.i feel that. it can definitely be that kinda placewe don't talk for some days cuz you feel like you right i feel like i'm right to busy acting like kidsi feel like a million bucks a churning mass of antlers and rolling eyes pouring through the forest at night like a greatsorry for these out of context livetweets but i feel like i should say somethingi feel so accomplished!nakakapanghina.. but at the same time, i feel even more determined to help make their next projects phenomenal..there's days where i feel like giving upnobody knows how i feel inside.i feel like i'm losing all of my knowledge, tbhh"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feeher <bleep>s are fake. i feel for her husband.i feel asleep for an hour then woke up and was still grumpy about having to pour beers into cups all night long at work to
i feel you... we'll discuss this sometime.
i feel like kian could be a bot.....
sometimes i feel bad about complaining about being disabled. the ratio of complaints to time in agony is less than .001%
i feel so heartbroken :/
why did i feel like it was my own wedding when i watched hook and emma get married??
lmfaoooo i feel you, if i wasn't in victorville it would be great but im losing my mind out here
i feel you. just try. you'll eventually get used to it. give it time
<bleep> passed away today and i feel like part of my childhood went with him too...
i feel like i don't spam harry bc he has tons of spam enough but i also really want his follow liek????
i feel nauseous af whenever i close my eyes i feel like im falling backwards wtfand if i dont i just feel liks im rolling
somewhere between mochi's black hair and pink hair, i graduated and i feel old. i vote for for #btsbbmas -m
when i'm with you, i feel like i'm right where i belong.
i feel like im talking to a rock
u can mean the absolute world to me but if i feel yo vibe changing on me i will leave u alone all together
i feel bad bc i feel like i can't really express how much i am going to miss my friends as we go into college.. i'm sorry guys
i feel good when i vote for for the #btsbbmas top social artist awards.
well i'm going to start s2 of the last kingdom.. i feel pretty crappy today
i think i feel more upset about <bleep> passing than carry fischer...i've grown up watching big be himself and not a character in a movie
jm: i feel like being tall rn. v: don't worry, it's just your feeling. i vote for #btsbbmas top social artist awa
best student quote today re: final exams: "i feel like i'm swimming in a sea of 'oh, no!'" so do we all, sister, so do we all.
marlene: "love letter to the fans!" fans: "what about spo-" marlene: "original shipper" fans: "emison-" marlene: "i fee
i feel like my whole entire body is bruised and i wish i was dead
100 reasons why i love daniel seavey 13. when he laughing, i feel like i'm gonna laugh to.
i feel sorry for he thought he won! #giro100 #giro2017
had about 15 hours sleep and still i feel like i could sleep more is that normal?
i feel good again lol
oh i forgot mtv is in time square i feel for you man! trl coming back?
i feel so lonely tbh
honestly speaking i feel as stunned as i was on dec16 1971 when gen niazi laid down arms before gen jagjeet singh arora.
yo my last practice class this morning was the most emotional and i feel so grateful for each and every person in the class omg
i be on my rich <bleep> <bleep> ahhh ahhh i feel like the man of the year
i feel my breakdown coming now that i'm getting close to home lmao i can't wait!
your care now won't change how i feel about what you've done to me and how much <bleep> you became.
hahaha i feel like trying
"we become strong, i feel, when we have no friends upon whom to lean, or to look to for moral guidance." benito mussoli
i feel so lazy today
you know how i feel oh, freedom is mine and i know how i feel it's a new dawn it's a new day it's a new life for me and i'm feeling good
i feel bad when you miss me, i feel sad when you dont. #dtbydeliryo ninja@10mos&amp;project
the jeter hype is back in 2017 and i'm very annoyed. i feel like right now.
we are not gonna do this today when i feel petty enough to block an oomf for talking <bleep> about bts i'm tired
roll me up some dope and i feel like myself again
i feel like you lowkey just told on yourself
i feel like absolute <bleep> today
lol mine just had its battery die(?). i feel.
i choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejection.
a relationship is supposed to b 50/50 both putting in the same amount of effort, <bleep> kills me when i feel i'm putting in
i very much wanna chop my hair off this wknd but i feel like i'd have to relax it for the cut. i also wanna let my hair keep growing out..
i grew up listening to the watergate tapes in my sandbox. literally. i feel like i'm being about to be treated to a second childhood.
i feel sorry for english people who won't ever be able to feel the wave of freedom you get when a porco dio comes out of
yea i know but i feel like i'm not gonna find anything. so i'm checking out exton too
gdragon hasn't make a comeback yet but i feel like i keep see his name on the chart, this isn't myth right
i look happy at school too but really i'm bad i know 2/3 people's say <bleep> about me don't know who they are but now i fee
nakakapanghina.. but at the same time, i feel even more determined to help make their next projects phenomenal..
whenever hoseok says "kiss me" in bst i feel so attacked like should i go for it or dhdjdks
i feel ugly every day of my life lol
i'm in so. much. pain. i feel like i fell off a building or got hit by a truck.
"i feel like it went well. i got great feedback from the coaches." -- kicker josh gable, on of his patriots t
i really wish i'm good at telling how i feel
i feel slightly nauseous.omg how do girls love when their bfs spend like $400 on them??? i feel bad when a dude buys me a water bottle.i feel like the days i actually want my makeup to look good are the days that it looks the worsti feel like i owe hundreds of dollars for all of the free counseling. #jre #personalresponsibility #wokei feel to cook a 5 course meal rn.i am too stressed out so the doctor has ordered that i listen to nat king cole's all day until i feel better. it seems toi can't stop thinking about <bleep> i feel like i lost an unclei can't believe my self i finished my exams really i feel like im dreamin yaynah not his best but i feel like flowed the best in this onei feel more black ppl should take the risk of investing in themselves, and stop relying on a paycheck "just to get by"i feel so stupida pigeon flew directly into me now i feel obligated to burn the clothes i'm wearingwomen dead go back to their man talking about "i feel like you <bleep>ed her better" sis you shouldn't have signed up for this then.i feel like <bleep>s need to come in my life wit they <bleep> together .. i don't got time to teach y'all right from wronghow do you think i am now how do you think i feel? you prayed for me to crash is my house corrupted, b*stard never mind #btsbbmasmy vmin soul has been fed well today i feel truly blessedbryan - "i love to wrestle. my contract is coming up in a few months, and if i feel my health is good then that's whati feel like my body slammed the brakes on my own life and sentenced me to this cold. it's aight tho. it's aight.bila pakai tudung bawal and then that tudung just on point, i feel so blessedi feel a way about itin a room full of failures, i feel out of place-i don't believe nothing you <bleep>s say y'all say it cause it sound good and you thought i feel for it nah i say what sound good toomarlene: "love letter to the fans!" fans: "what about spo-" marlene: "original shipper" fans: "emison-" marlene: "i feethey're all great arcs, but i feel like skypiea suffers the same problem as dressrosa. lot of "filler" chapters.man #ripkathyberman. i feel for chris berman.i feel fancy af having wine in my fridge but i don't even have any decent food in that thing lmaoi feel like ralphingwaaay up i feel blessedi feel bad today. i have a flu. maybe 'coz of the new weather. when i was in iloilo last its hot while here its raining everyday!!hi dragon!! i'm like that with #gun so i feel u i'm currently on a changmo spree so expect me to yell !!!pd101 stans are beautiful gorgeous, i feel so insecure.i feel so emptyleave my door open just a crack 'cause i feel like such an insomniac why do i tire of counting sheep when i'm far too tired to fall asleepi feel like we are 100% letting onika down. she deserves this award so get over protecting your tl's and get voting.. #nhappy birthday you're such a beautiful soul and i feel blessed to have you in my lifei'm not good with goodbyes. and when i say this i mean my heart hurts for a while. i feel lost for days.why do i feel like now i meet only the russian armys?.. #btsbbmasi feel poppy's ting is going to be atrociously shot, not like 1 m16, military brigade shoot out #woyoiii feel like i've applied for over a good 20 scholarships and interns somebody give me some money for school dangi feel like will would have worn this back in the dayi feel like there's someone employed to test sa's stress levels to find a definative threshold to measure ukuthi siqalaph' uki feel great this morningi feel like you can tell a lot about someone depending on who their favourite liar is tbh #pll............i feel like jimin's stroke game would bring me to tears........... let me stopi been up all night no sleep cause i feel like im always dreaming - the vamps"i want to sleep until i feel better."i feel like watching rob and big all day todayi feel like i don't know how to work these social media sites anymorei feel like trash on wheelsit doesn't!!!! i feel like there is a science behind it and i'm missing somethingi feel naked without my nose ringthese messages will self destruct when i feel like it. okay so please get me home to ireland. goblins. trolls. daemons.i feel like nobody in this world will ever understand me but i'm ok with thati feel horriblenad do you feel what i feel when jimin says some sort like 'tto heulleo daaaa' lepas chi ase namida tugdragon hasn't make a comeback yet but i feel like i keep see his name on the chart, this isn't myth righti feel yai feel so competent picking out cards but then i start to fill it out and remember i have the handwritten of an 8 year old.as time passes i feel so low..searching for pieces ,covering up the holes...at least i'll still see you in my dreams...j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing mei feel so ... blehi feel like that everydayi feel so weird celebrating this week without ...samee. i feel that my mouf is enough for all the gifts tbh tbhi feel better if you're smiling or laughing.genuinely.i feel like there are so many things i can't talk to people about bc they just won't understandconfidence and trust i feel happy when i vote for top social artist award at the #bbmas. #btsbbmasthank u dearest husband... when sometimes i feel very down but u pull me up back again n again n again without fail. i love u...words are not enough to describe how deeply i feel for you #aldubxdtbypordalabi feel like i've done such amazing things with my life so far but i'm still stuck.. i need a change of scenery forreal!i feel so alone right nowi keep thinking "i feel like i could do this but anyone on my course probably could too so it must not be worth a 2-1"
i feel you on that lol.
i feel so blessed by my baby im so proud and happy
can we please have another episode!?!?! i feel like this week we deserve it.
j cole is dope wale is dope bow wow is rich and if you let the internet fool you i feel sorry for your kids
i feel like all my friends are done with finals and i have 2 may 16th...
i feel like a mum i'm so proud of ma boyz so i'm voting for as top social artist #btsbbmas
ok but i can't stress over the cinematography like yo... it's so pretty and calming and like so hd i feel like i'm there too
i feel so nosey i'm all over mars page
but i feel like that's gonna change vote #bbmas #justinbbmas
i feel stupid. #_around_12 #_around_12 #hitchhiker #taeyong #around is this how it works?
when im fasting and i feel really dizzy, i feel proud, like ive pushed myself to my limit and somehow im still going
i love scrivener but i feel like. there's so many features that would be useful that i never use bc i don't remember them
i feel so bad for her for dating someone like him
another walk, another 10 minutes of meditation- both activities are already getting easier. i feel great- give it a try if you can.
do not ever tell a broken person: "i feel you", when you have never tasted how bitter and painful brokenness is!
wait, i feel like something important is today?
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
the lesson i feel we should emphasize in future generations is, "even if you trust, make damn sure you verify".
and i'll give you a nickname based on how i feel about you.
i feel like i use the filters for selfies but that's about it.
and i feel like, you never get to truly absorb and feel something unless you're already experiencing the situation.
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
i'm blem foreal, i just might say how i feel
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
idk i feel like the woman clark threatened may have had it a bit tougher.
thanks <bleep>x i feel very stagnant right now and it's the worst ugh
i'm so confused by this. i feel like chris is the most sensible one of the group, ha ha!
i feel so weak
i feel like absolute rubbish.... not good when i had a week off the gym last week and im proper back on it this week!!
my friends replace me in a blink of an eye i feel awesome
everytime someone cool follows me i feel like i need to completely reassess how i tweet to keep their interest
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
whenever i feel bad i just call sana and rant. the best thing to do.
i feel so bad i want to jump
i over <bleep>yze instead of trusting what i feel to be true. i have all the answers i seek but i'm forever second guessing my
i think "what could i possibly know". i admit i let spiritual bullies on here get to me at times and i feel like i can't kn
i feel like i'm always begging for someone to stay in my life and i'm so tired of it
i don't trust cat!amparo. i do not trust them. they won't worm their way into my heart oh no i feel bad for them, crap
right. i feel like i hear extroverts do that more
i feel sort of prepared but not really sigh must do some more in a bit
i feel a little conflicted about the current standing of #slbpeast ().... ah well.
why do i feel like i've said that to you multiple times
bahaha. man you are a savage! but yes that is exactly how i feel.
twice's teasers are so weird! i feel like this is gonna be their best comeback yet!
i feel like syd would join the clowns and try kill us all
no amount of sleep in the world will cure the tiredness i feel
absolutely, thanks for all the virtual love .. i feel it!! <bleep>
i feel like we could nest a few dolls within there though
and i bet that love would be really great to experience with them too and i'm happy that i have so many people i feel this way for, but
i feel so retro tonightttt
god i feel bad for getting into tf2 again i am big time sorry
exams r next week and i'm not quite sure how i feel about that :///////
i can't sugarcoat the answer for you, this is how i feel: if somebody kill my dog, that mean somebody gettin' killed h
you know how i feel about legacy.
goodmorning i feel dead
i feel so dead.
i feel like such a kitschy <bleep>ter for using a mason jar as a water bottle but i found one that's big, clean, and free, so w/e
i feel like people don't really realize im a good person with good intentions..
whnever i see..hear you i feel ashamed tht i cld nt serve the country like u..i feel t give u a big hug..lots of love..
not sure if i feel better before or after leaving the chiropractor since my body isn't used to actually being in alignment....
done 1.5 hours revision today and i feel that will be suffice for the goals i have
i feel so refreshed
everything is a process but you will get there. i feel like no one is completely there yet. you got it!
i feel like some radio stations are sleeping on lost in your light. just seeing if this is a uk thing?
i just wanna go to the edge of a cliff and <bleep>ing scream...... maybe jump off, depending on how i feel
i honestly hate that i feel like i'll never be loved again
jajaja i feel i won't know what to write or what to do
i can't stop spiraling, thinking how <bleep>ed our country/democracy is. i feel paralyzed with cynicism and fear.
"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i fee
i feel like a new person every time i change my state of mind and remind myself what's really importanti can't stop thinking about <bleep> i feel like i lost an unclei feeli feel ui feel like if someone wanted to text you they would, which is why double texting freaks me out.just finished 500 cals on the elliptical using the hiit in 31:33! new record! i feel like i'm about to die sooo it's great!i feel salty lmaoits the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbiesmy bitmoji has bigger eyes than i do... i feel like i'm lying.sorry but i feel like to make the outlast 2 tree people (heretics?) they totally referenced grooti feel so missed out and forgottensomewhere between mochi's black hair and pink hair, i graduated and i feel old. i vote for for #btsbbmas -mbrett gray i feel the same way!! i wonder what men and women in uniform, and my fellow vets are thinking!!oh my gosh i feel honoured yet extremely apologetic to harry styles for this i'm very happymissing u~ #170506 i feel that like a dream but in that dream, i'm so delight bcuz my wish became true. hoping to see you again baei feel like my heads gonna explode.yyy do i feel like it's super hard to get noticed by u i feel like giving up but my heart says nooooo bc i love u so muchi don't even feel like a "friend" to some people. i feel more like an option or someone they run to when they need something..i don't know why i feel so relieved. maybe dah penat nangis kot.and you yourself have that characteristic... yet you don't change it... wallah i feel sorry for usi feel like my face will become sunburnt in the next week or soi feel like <bleep>s need to come in my life with they <bleep> together i don't got time to teach y'all right from wrongsame i feel your pain girli just realised i haven't tweeted in 5 days i feel like i owe you guys... like this tweet for a dmi'm at work and i feel sooo bored, can't wait to go home already, 3 more hoursthis is the main reason i have stopped watching and i am now a loyal i feel cnn has lost it's luster.i feel badi feel like i may have had something to do with this but i don't rememberi am voting for bts for top social artist at the #bbmas. to vote! #btsbbmas i feel so complicatedi don't need handouts nor do i feel the need to cling onto people with commercial success to maki've earned 7 free pizzas with dominos. i feel like this is a personal achievement.i feel genuinely bitter when i'm on the bus home to go and revise and we drive past people relaxing in the sun hate ui got tea on the person we were talking about the other day and my theory was right jfgfbgg i feel validatedjust because i don't show how i feel doesn't mean it's not killing mei feel so alone like nobody at school understandsi feel thatohhhhhhhhhh. well i feel stupid now thank youi feel like people think i'm really calling them ugly but i swear i'm noti feel like every time i breathe my grades drop#btsbbmas [hard stan i feel unholy] give a good succ to which member?fingers crossed buddy fingers crossed. i feel an unnecessary bombing coming on as a distractioni feel dizzy again ffsjust managed to remove a locking wheel but from my car that'd been stuck on there for about 6 months and now i feel indestructiblei feel like this means you're getting your man backsometimes i feel like i annoy the <bleep> out of people. and that's why i'm never one to normally start a conversationi feel that goro may win me over bc ~backstory~ but not today. today i can still enjoy people bullying him to my hearts contenti feel paranoid, i finished my exam in 30mins and it was 100qsi feel like she doesn't care or wouldn't care for it since it's a stepping stone idki'm afraid of becoming this. sometimes i feel like i'm my own worst enemy. #writing#topbbmas i feel for you but when did you believe you were alonei feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of everythingi feel like not nearly enough of your twitter content is dedicated to these two fluffy friendsi wish i could know how much i've taken from target and give it back i feel bad loli feel oddly competitive whenever i'm filling out my name on the scantron sheet...like who's gonna finish first??i feel sicky :((oh <bleep> ima be back in chicago in like 2 weeks!!!! i feel like i just landed here tbhgoodmorning i feel deadwhen did this start ? i feel i have missed out lol x"i feel emotionally unstable" - an intj feeling empathywhy is this trending #1 lmao i feel bad for dude... #bowwowchallengei feel i've come this far in a convo and not fully understood it, lol.exercising will keep me alive longer but i feel like dying right nowi feel like its been a full day alreadyim so sweaty it's so hot outside and i was so hot trying to sleep last night and i feel gross byei feel drunk mani feel like i'm losing my time being at schooli feel like i am living in a movie.whenever hoseok says "kiss me" in bst i feel so attacked like should i go for it or dhdjdksi feel like this ad would be more affective for me, its meat-eating target demographic, if they picked a poultry bird that ci feel so sickdo you guys have a cuter debit card? mine looks all busted and ghetto and i feel embarrassed pulling it out.just took my last final and i feel confident about it but i don't want to jinx myselfgoing to the gym today even tho my back is still on fire bc i haven't been in a week and i feel like a posi can't stop thinking about <bleep> i feel like i lost an uncle
i just realised i haven't tweeted in 5 days i feel like i owe you guys... like this tweet for a dm
nu'est rise. pledis rise. i feel so grateful knowing people are finally giving them a chance. thank you
i feel so much better today, positive vibes.
i feel like what i'm looking for doesn't exist.
instead of educating, i feel as though i'm patronising, so then i shutdown
i feel like little simz might be good for me.
i feel so relieved
i feel like we're gonna be stuck with this creep influencing our govt. til he's 120.
i felt like <bleep> this morning so i went on a jog, i feel 10000x better. the miracles exercise can do.
lavrov: i feel bemused that you - serious people - are asking me these questions and im forced to answer them (re: russia alle
i feel ya sis
benito and mari got me a coffee at like 4am and i am sweating caffeine. there's no way i'm not crashing hard later. i feel my
may allah make my heart strong when i feel down.
i'm officially done w high school and idk how i feel about it
i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.
for some reason i feel like i've seen erika from somewhere but i can't . put my finger on it
yaro_rt: lavrov: i feel bemused that you - serious people - are asking me these questions and im forced to answer them (re: russia alleg
i feel like every time i have a day off they always want me to come in
i worry about dying a lot more than i used to, like idk why but i feel like i won't get to live out my life into old age
just because i don't show how i feel doesn't mean it's not killing me
// i got another kurooi on the tl so i feel secured in life rn
i'm not going stop working hard until i feel like i'm great and everybody that rode with me are living right and i put that on my mama
i feel confident that i did okay on my history final and i know that's not good
words cannot describe how i feel about these lyric spoilers
i feel like this could be an apt metaphor for the times we are living in.
i feel so <bleep>ty
i feel like a piece of sht after watching 3mt. fyp is just so basic.
whenever i watch cnn i feel like i'm reading the onion
#topbbmas i feel for you but when did you believe you were alone
no amount of sleep in the world will cure the tiredness i feel
i feel like my whole life i've been told i can't be feminine. idk if it's because i'm ugly or because i'm fat or i'm tall but the message +
i feel dead rn
i feel so proud of bts for accomplishing so many things in such a short period of time i vote for top social
i feel like u only get on twitter to fw me
he just stand there and snapping the fan but why i feel like he just snapping my soul ! jung leo what have you done to me ?!!!
life ain't so bad lately :)) i've been pumping my head with positive thoughts when i feel myself start to feel <bleep>ty and it's working.
i feel horrible. i just wanna stay in bed all day
i been holding my craziness back but i'm bout to get real crazy i feel it coming..
thanks n! needed those word you said! i feel better already! mauh!!!
somehow i feel like it's been my whole life.
i hate when i feel like i was doing good but in reality everything just ends up going down hill
i feel like the ending would have more weight if it was real?
sometimes i feel like i have my life together and then im like wow that was a really nice 45 seconds
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
i seen <bleep>s grow up bruh, i remember when tony was in 9th i remember when avery came to hollister at 17 years gone by i feel old
rafa has been playing poor and i feel like his ear is bothering him/maybe under the weather, he hasn't looked right.
hello nice picture i feel like im back in 2013 !!
one of the random days whn i feel restless for no reason
i feel this thread on a spiritual level, cause i promise i've never asked anyone to speak to me or follow me on this hoe.
i feel empty and tired as hell..i feel like a new person every time i change my state of mind and remind myself what's really importantbruh i feel like 2pac wpuldnt act like that and get on that wall like a <bleep>i feel youi feellove is a feeling that is felt _deep in the heart and i feel it for you. #aldub95thweeksaryi feel stupid for liking you that much.wow i got the delayed tag i feel speciali hope blizz doesn't make more crosspromotions with ow, i feel personally attacked by those players in some matches.. #heroesofthestormi feel so drained. i've never felt so physically and mentally exhausted.i wore shorts out today bcos it's hot but now i've left my house im regretting it because i feel like im being extra but im not im just hoti feel bad for people who are gonna see me during the summer. my legs are blinding.i feel this would be an honest statement at leastevery time i ask someone to read aftg i feel like im sending them to their deathsyeah, karen gillian's physical work was stunning. i feel like she's really leveled up as an actor since her dr. who days.i am glad i feel like a normal person again thoughi feel so bad for my cat this year she wants to go outside again this summer but we're not allowing it cause we're not losing another cat.i feel great about it but i would feel even better if they perform #btsbbmas"ooh, i feel good now." -richard nixonwho's got the cure for acne? i feel like a junior high boy going through puberty and it's getting quite annoyingi feel like this might be directed at one or maybe two people that have been arguing over halo recently?i know bless his heart. i feel bad for him sometimesi feel really happy about that nowi feel so fat rncontrary to my feelings time passes rapidly i voted for the #btsbbmas top social artist award even if i feel insecurethat's how i feel about my school, tuition is already $43kthe meaning of 'shook' has changed, and i dunno how i feel about ithonestly speaking i feel as stunned as i was on dec16 1971 when gen niazi laid down arms before gen jagjeet singh arora.i am encrypting my drive and its at 83%. i feel like will be breaking my door down any minute!streaming w/ facecam i feel dirtyhow so? its a regular season award. do you want them to change to full including playoffs? i feel like thats flawed.if i honestly tell you how i feel about you don't get offendedno words can explain how i feel about you, but sometimes i wonder how you feel about me.random blessing from my coworker today. i feel very loved.omg this is so sad i feel like you got a bad bagtbh i feel like he's someone who can't go long without doing something, staying still isn't his nature, toi feel like this rubber knife i got will be a better fidget toy that the fidget toy i orderedi wish i could tell you how i feel because every night before i sleep, you are all i think about. #aldub95thweeksary#topbbmas i feel for you but when did you believe you were alonei feel so sicki feel like i was a loner cat in my past life"i feel like we've dialled the clock back 20 years in the way we've responded to this," says abt #kyleyharris.i feel ya!me this morning: i feel like today is going to be a good day! me by lunch time: nope, no no no ugh fmlj cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i si'm blem for real, i might just say how i feeli feel like a saladhome is the place where i feel free. if youre not free, if youre under oppression you dont feel at home. #iamamigrantgod i feel roughsometimes, i feel bad bout you. but, i try to stay positive.i feel so precisely attacked right now <bleep>i feel like i'm the only one that can't tech it lol.lol i feel you..mamta i don't feel that you are indian...now i feel you don't respond your mother father ....2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouragedit doesn't really matter who wins from celtics/wizards spurs/rockets, i feel like they both have no chance against cavs and warriorsi feel like i'm forcing something to work and i hate it
i can't stop thinking about <bleep> i feel like i lost an uncle
i feel like it's my last week of school because it is everyone else's then i realize i go to poteau
i feel like i annoy everyone with my existence and i'm so sorry..
i feel a social pressure, everyone tweet bultaoreune should i do it too? #btsbbmas
i feel like a new person every time i change my state of mind and remind myself what's really important
whenever i argue with my bf i automatically put his texts on do not disturb so i can read his texts when i feel like it
talking to my grandma is so hard. i feel like she thinks i hate talking to her but always cry when i talk to her because i miss my dad
i feel like i'm waiting for the other shoe to drop here.
i feel like any day now that nintendo direct will be announced...
i feel like i'm on a sinking boat i don't know if i should jump off or try stop it from sinking
i feel i shud stop rting trump things but can't resist..
ugh. this is the second time after drinking a good amount of alcohol i feel legit sick. not hangover headache, but stomach flu sickness.
haha i feel bad for laughing i'm voting for for top social artist award #btsbbmas
lavrov: i feel bemused that you - serious people - are asking me these questions and im forced to answer them (re: russia alle
i dont talk about jimin much anymore i feel bad
lack of caffeine today so i feel sleepy. <bleep>
i feel so bad for media everybody keeps talking <bleep> about her.
once i feel like u lyin to me it's nomo being with ya
when i see marvel have the demiurge as a character i feel i really need to read more comic books to get a handle on collective metaphysics.
i feel like girls at the point are not even trying to be friends tbh
i feel like i have found the best streamer, thank you bingogh !!
tell you what though man, i feel like mould
once in a lifetime kind of luck. it's too good to be true so i feel it won't last long
they blinded by there insecurities and jealousy for kisses and i feel sorry for them.
i feel so sick smh
wow i feel this so much
i feel horrible can i *****
this probably will be his last album so i feel like it'll be crazy
i want to try out for atlanta lmao i feel like i could be on that show. i could even be on dear white people
jeez i feel terrible for chris berman
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
im sorry i feel so bad but i laughed at 'board shoulder'
art giveaway because i feel like drawing for people hehe rt+follow before may 17, 2017 to win a chance to get an art by me! go
i feel stupid for liking you that much.
i feel that even native twitter doesn't talk about disability ableism. always somehow leave us out.
it was literally my whole life. everything i did was about it. woke up with it, fell asleep with it. now i feel empty,
i feel like i'm the only person that enjoys these things
the bow wow challenge is something i feel i can really get behind
ik she is my girl but i feel like i still have a crush on her and trying to win her over
i feel depressedt and attackedt
when there's a kilig or intense scene in kdrama series i'm watching, i always tweet what i feel.
that stuttery "hajimemashite" is the best way to describe what i feel right now.
#nowplaying i feel love - 03 donna summer
people actually remembered my name and have conversations with me and i feel so bad for not remembering their names
also... 26 days until #dl1 i can't even put into words how i feel!!!! so soon!!!!
i have no clue what adot looks like but i feel like she's a skinny female charlie sloth... she's so angry in life!
the more i listen to savage mode, the more i feel like all the streets needed a project like this.
and is still amazing. also... i feel old lol
.@youtube sometimes i feel like an extra out of a bbc drama...
i might just say how i feel..
only thing i feel in my tummy rn is yesterday's long island.
nakakapanghina.. but at the same time, i feel even more determined to help make their next projects phenomenal..
i ate the grossest dumpling for breakfast i feel so sick where tf does my mom get these ugh
i feel like there's no one with me right now
i feel seen.
i feel bad for all the ladies who thought a baby would make a man stay now they're a single mom. pendejas
i got one ask i feel famous like someone actually wanted to know something about me
outta body thats just how i feel when i'm around you shawty
the full moon jumpstarted my period i feel powerful and full of rage
damn i feel like <bleep>
i feel like my car will fall apart driving on the roads of newark
i vote for #btsbbmas i feel yet alive, the tiresome trip to work and back home
ok lmao i'm gonna sleep i feel dumb 2 gud 2 be tru h a h a
pepsi's head arrived home today and her family is so excited!! i feel so blessed to be able to help bring her to life!(
i just threw up for a good 10min then got a bloody nose wtf.. i feel like death
also don't <bleep>ume that every thing is fine just cause i'm not tweeting about how <bleep>ty i feel i just don't like talking about how i feeli just got approved for my first credit card i feel dangerousyeah i feel so cool, cool yeah i feel so eh eh ehwhy do i feel like we're experiencing 'the calm before the storm'?i'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingyeah i feel bad about that now.i feel sorry for english people who won't ever be able to feel the wave of freedom you get when a porco dio comes out ofi feel like if you go over details of conversations and situations in your head you can notice things you might have missed the 1st timewot an emotional night.. i feel truly blessed to have played there for this great club and unbelievable fans #coyi htti don't even know why i come to school anymore. i feel so <bleep>in ostracizedi feel more frustrated debating 'moderate' muslims than fundamentalist muslims. at least the latter don't lie and stick tosomewhere between mochi's black hair and pink hair, i graduated and i feel old. i vote for for #btsbbmas -mbtw im the one coughing im annoying myself so ik im annoying the people around me... i feel badi feel so sad for people who 'don't see any real yoonmin content' in bangtan lol you're missing out on all the love and boyfi feel adding a reply here will put me on a list...i dunno.. i feel so different tonightthank you so much for the best night ever i have no words to describe who i feel #illuminatetourmadridcanroom94 just announce now the excited is too real and i feel so sorry for when they do announce it cause i'm gonna breakdownscorpio: honestly haven't met too many of y'all. i feel like you're mostly quiet but at the same time very driven and a pointyeah. they were saying the truth and i cant help but laugh at it. i mean i feel sorry but- they weri feel a way when a troll has me blocked. thats like some alternate universe <bleep>.i feel... he is so much.y'all take twitter too serious, just bc i tweet something doesn't mean it's how i feel lmao.finally an amazing episode in pll, i feel blessedi finished my last final which means i'm a senior in college and i feel like i'm going to throw up.just because i don't show how i feel doesn't mean it's not killing mei feel like throwing upi really took off on my mommy i feel bad lmaothat's what i feel whein join vip and army #btsbbmasi feel like going dancingi feel so empty and yuckyi unsubscribed from a bunch of useless emails... i feel like an adult today loli feel so personally attack by liam lately.i feel miserable today, i really don't want to be here for the next 6 hoursi feel like there are only 2 possibilities: -tp will never tweet #topbbmas or -they will, but only on the very lastso i watched the bye bye man last night..... idk how i feel about itive already missed like 20 days but i feel like <bleep> :(((i want to eat now, but i feel too weak to get up.is kicking an <bleep> face in the head still a crime? i feel it should be allowed."oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feei'm excited for next school year, i'm going to be living with one of my bestfriends i feel motivated to be the best i can bei feel you it's not even summer yet loli miss those chill nights: the drinks, friends and the warmth i feel when im with themi feel like <bleep> when you ignore me.u have created a legend..u have created a history.. before watching #bahubali2 everything was a mystery.. i fi feel horrible i asked god for forgivenessi feel like i'm not good enough for anyone right now, and i dont know why...maybe its the voice in my head......whatever thi feel so sorryi choose to love you in silence, because in silence i feel no rejectioni feel so happy and appreciated and all that's gonna go in less than 2 weeks and that scares me and upsets me so muchif you wear monogrammed shirts i feel like you'd also take a child's spot on a lifeboat.my hair is shorter than what harry's was like i feel like idk it's stressing me outi feel like anything is a vacation if you believe in it enoughi feel a spiritual connection to this cow.i feel like 35+ is a women that's not gonna say "i need a little baby who gone listen" every time you busy with workyou don't know how i feeli think it would be easier, but every time i'm around you, i feel as if my head's about to explode.4 coffee mugs and 3 beer cans later and i feel like a sophomore in coyote ugly halplmao jamie, i really appreciate that. thank you! i feel very blessed to have you as my friend
i'll never ask you to do something i feel that you should already be doing
i feel you
i feel u
i feel like i'm caught in an episode of the brady bunch, only jan is yelling, "russia, russia, russia"
why do i feel like youtube has been so glitchy lately
i feel like <bleep>
.@waynerooney #mufc "the more i can play, the better for me and the more i feel i can help the team" #europaleague
i don't know dude, i feel like sleeping after this one.
i feel like ditching, the go buy fried chicken.
lmao out the cut like fredo mane. but nah i feel you. goes both ways though. just have to know how to read ppl.
oh, i feel you on that aspect lol
that's how i feel about gods and kings. jewish exodus from egypt, cast literally *all* white christians.
i feel like i'm the only one watching this show
i feel like shxt
it's seriously taken every ounce of energy in me to wanna get ready do my makeup. i been ok w/ lookin a mess lately. i feel free lol
i feel so accomplished after i finish hw bc i never do
i feel myself changing. i dont laugh the same anymore, i dont smile the same, or talk the same. i'm just so tired of e
it's cold here. i feel like i'm living in greece. #thehotel
i feel like i'm waiting for something that is never going to happen.
i feel like a <bleep>
i feel for serena i'd be in an ocean of tears if i lost a mature man like reno
i feel sorry for boris johnson. it can't of been an easy childhood, protecting his parent's radish patch from thieving fraggl
i feel like warrensburg has made me alot angrier as a person so i'm super stoked to be moving back to kansas city
why the <bleep> i feel so anxious ?
i feel sad..
keurig is full of ants, single cup brewer is still packed... found a mesh screen to use as a filter and now i feel like a junkie
agreed, if he wasn't in spain i feel he would have pulled out.. i'm ok w/ having a quick rest before rome
i can't stop thinking about <bleep> i feel like i lost an unclei feel a rant comingi feel sorry for you americans, they voted for change and got a dictator.i feel so disgustingommggg aahhh i feel so blesssedddi feel like a deflated pikachutrying to finish a drawing i'm dedicating to my dad but i feel like something is missing...i've never watched that show, but i feel like i should!i feel so bad for rob dyrdek ...that was his dude :(im all out of faith this is how i feel im torn and i am shamed lying naked on the floor illusion never changed into somarlene: "love letter to the fans!" fans: "what about spo-" marlene: "original shipper" fans: "emison-" marlene: "i feei feel you there. he's such a babe.i'm not sure how i feel or how to feel right now- my hair used to be so red i feel so crazy, i miss it so much.i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.jm: i feel like being tall rn. v: don't worry, it's just your feeling. i vote for #btsbbmas top social artist awaalfie deyes wearing glasses for no reason at all and for someone who has such a high prescription i feel offendedi drank way too much coffee this morning now i feel sicki feel like more people need to see this. it's a perfect example of how fox news is unethicaeverytime i see you on my tl, i feel an urge to slap you for putting my trust in you.i feel so happy with i can finnaly stop having a fake smile paint on my face all the day long to hide my pain.i feel like i need to lose sm weight, i hate myself :/why do i feel like youtube has been so glitchy latelywhen ppl ask me how i feel : issa a no for me son. #dub #moreofadub#lmaoissadub.well i feel betteri feel sick...i feel like myself again, the universe works in such beautiful waysi will never joke about "kms" and all this <bleep> anymore i feel so badi feel a lot better now thoi feel crappy inside, like something just broke.. #aldub95thweeksaryi don't know if i speak for army but this is how i see it, or at least how i feel. i hope this hei feel like i can't tell people anythingi wish i can explain to you how i feel because every night before i go to sleep you're all i think about.i feel like genuinely no one believes in me. i wanna go back to bedniall i feel like my spotify is going to shut down because of me three-peating 'slow hands' you slay yas! eniall i feel like my spotify is going to shut down because of me three-peating 'slow hands' you slay yas! ybeing open and talking candidly about their experiences and feelings and problems but i feel like i've lived through severi feel like a new person every month after paying off my credit cardi forget osf is a christian hospital i feel like a whore wearing a tank top near all these old ppli feel like making stuffed shells soon, who wants to go on a picnic? bring wineniall i feel like my spotify is going to shut down because of me three-peating 'slow hands' you slay yas! r"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feelet me describe how i feel at this very secondniall i feel like my spotify is going to shut down because of me three-peating 'slow hands' you slay yas! ttweeting things about girls, love and what i feel in 140 characters or less. i follow back everyone followingi was asked to help someone take her shahada today!!! i feel honored. may allah (swt) bless her with peace and acceptance in the ummah.i feel like i'm going through s6 all over again omgi feel heavy.i feel like larry not being majorly involved has been a blessingvery happy with who i'm becoming. i'm softening around the edges, loving freely and not afraid to say how i feel. tendernanybody mad at nicki minaj, a grown woman, and nas, a grown man, doing what they want? me, quote me, i feel like draggin' #hooooly balls i feel sick. wish i had a chaperone while i navigate the city today aaaaaaaaaaait irritates me that nobody is <bleep>ing with my newest movie on youtube cause i feel like it's my best workomg i feel like cryingi feel bad but i'm just really not that excited for ****'s music, like i just feel like it's not gonna be my thingniall i feel like my spotify is going to shut down because of me three-peating 'slow hands' you slay yas! wyou can be the <bleep>erflies i feel in my bellyi feel like i slept half the day away when i'm up at 7 am here. and nothing even is open.i feel like chaining toasters to myself and leaping into a riveri feel the need to point out this picture came from russian state media. the us press was not allowed to attend. at the whiti feel so sicki don't even like rats and i feel bad for lil buddyi feel sluggish, slow, tired, and sick all at once. i'm literally getting hit by a stormshe actually looks how i feelon the days i feel good i feel good to the core cuz god knows the days i feel like <bleep> i feel <bleep> like hell
i feel like i am not being trueful to myself an im not happy wit my lifesyle..... i like men
i feel like i am taking crazy pills!!
haha i feel her. i'm pretty much 24/7 cold and always dressed long sleeved.
i feel you man.
i hate evening exams i feel sick with all this waiting
i feel attack
everytime i feel like cheating with another member, jimin attacks me like, 'bish, who do you think you are trying to swerve
after seeing that i feel like giving up
i feel sorry for panthers rookies. they ruin talent.
i'm getting so disrespectful if i feel disrespected. make a <bleep> wish she never said nothing in the first place.
sometimes i feel like a burden...
i feel like a mum i'm so proud of ma boyz so i'm voting for as top social artist #btsbbmas
i feel confident mcconnell is on the take from either the russians or trump.
i feel like america is on an episode of punked
i am so ready for solo liam, <bleep>, i feel like i've waited for this my whole life
i ordered a pizza and i feel so fat rn lmao. at least it is not one of the most unhealthy pizzas out there.
how do you let down a nice guy gently? like bro we don't know each other v well and i feel weird about all this, but i hope you enjoy life?
to be honest i feel so horrible that i didn't learn more spanish before coming. i am so lost.
if i feel like you acting funny ima just leave you alone
sometimes i feel like nobody likes me nobody wants me nobody needs me nobody cares
i dont care how i feel towards you if we were once close i could never do you dirty that's just how i am. some lazy wednesday thoughts
i just drank my gatorade and while it in my mouth threw a starburst up and caught it. i feel cool
i wrote my girlfriend a book for her birthday, turning the love i feel for her into words, i could go on for days about
i feel as though kokomo scanner, is kokomo community's world star.
every time some successful black man tells a story about when he used to sell crack i feel conflicted.
i feel bad bc i always say <bleep>s ain't <bleep> but i pulled a "bitches ain't <bleep> move"
i feel you pomf
i feel so blessed amm liam payne
but i have this opportunity to buy a used console and it's a great deal and i feel like i've been blessed tbh i'm gonna have a gr8 summer
i feel you my biggest issue is logging on in the first place
life is moving incredibly fast rn and idk how i feel about it :/
i feel bad?? but i also kinda feel scammed? so... eh!
you grin at me, toothy and boyish, messy-haired and red-cheeked and i feel it in my chest. maybe we leave together. maybe we
i feel like one most times but i can see the other as well.
j cole: "i'm still on you, my drink spill on me, while i feel on you, i'm sayin.." everyone: "would you believe me if i s
london is one of the most exciting and competitive places for food and i feel proud to share our delicious dishes of per
i feel this
honestly speaking i feel as stunned as i was on dec16 1971 when gen niazi laid down arms before gen jagjeet singh arora.
all i feel is anger, and the danger #btsbbmas
holy <bleep> i feel exhausted
that's okay then, i feel like that a lot of the time too so i get you haha. i'm glad it helped anyway.
princess is bored. which piggie will entertain me? i feel like <bleep>ing with your feeble minds. get paying pigs.
employees fired by trump: sally yates preet bharara james comey employees investigating trump: sally yates preet bhar
someone here pissed off mother nature and i feel like its someone's fault.....
i ain't got no kids, i feel like my opportunities and goals have no limits.
i feel more black ppl should take the risk of investing in themselves, and stop relying on a paycheck "just to get by"
nor do i feel the need to apologize for trump. it's very liberating.
"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i fee
my hormones are everywhere rn i feel like bursting into tears and i don't have a reason too
bruh i feel ya, this college life got me hella <bleep>ed on my uploads
i feel human when my eyebrows are filled
i feel like im gonna miss emily the most when i leave
i hate yelling at ppl that i care about, i feel so ugly n mean n bad, but i get frustrated easily!! i cant help it! im <bleep>
it is not even noon, and i feel like i've been at work for 42 years.
g o d i feel terrible we had turbulence for half (a whole 2 hours!) of the flight and i ......oh well at least we landed safely
i open up listen to how others feel and try to understand but as soon as i open my mouth to talk about how i feel they shut down
i feel ya. i ain't that petty either lol
i go up up up up up to the ceiling then i feel my soul start leaving like an old man's hair receding #topbbmas
i need to stop tolerating people treating me like absolute <bleep> just because i don't want to lose them bc i feel so bad now
you already know that's the best way to sleep baby i feel so secure and safe
lol yeah, i got me a bite to eat so i feel better. you know i'm always ready
i feel the need to point out this picture came from russian state media. the us press was not allowed to attend. at the whit
tried to drive to seattle, but ended up with a broke down car in the farmland outside portland. i feel a blues song coming on.
today i feel a great sense of somberness as i watch trump destroying the promise of the country i love
i feel like i'm constantly in a trance ?!!??????!!?????????????
took a <bleep> and i feel better thanks for your concerns though spanky
i feel naked without my earringsi hardly drink anymore, compared to a few months ago when i got drunk every weekend and i feel so much healthier i'm proudmade a super healthy meal with lots of veg in it and i feel so proud of myselfyou say something stupid i feel you should be slapped and i know that ain't right but that's how i feel !thats why ieverytime i feel like cheating with another member, jimin attacks me like, 'bish, who do you think you are trying to swervelavrov: i feel bemused that you - serious people - are asking me these questions and im forced to answer them (re: russia allethey actually put on a clubland banger on and said it was <bleep> because it wasn't drum and base , i feel like they need educatingi feel so flattered that people actually take time out of their day to listen to my conversations and speak about my businessi feel like i'm outta my mindcannot believe i'm done with my first year of uni i feel like i've been here 10 minutesi feel like a different person at buck nighti feel like some large percentage of "facebook <bleep>s" is really just people who hate their friends and don't want to admit it.i feel like <bleep>s need to come in my life wit they <bleep> together .. i don't got time to teach y'all right from wrongfor some reason, i feel that anyone who brands themselves as an illustrator should at least know how to put some good lines on paperi feel like a squiggly linehow can that be? i feel like there is a million people out everytime we go to huntwhy i feel like i need jk when i'm lonely like this-don't sweat it. sometimes i feel like i'm connected to you more than people around me ahai exit my room for 10 minutes to run errands and i feel as weak as an old man who was hit by a bus :(i feel like i should stan uniq, but bts kinda consumes all my free time soi feel like i shood sleep na. pero its too early pa diba?i feel bad for fitz the framework really messed with him #agentsofshieldi feel so stressedgod i feel like i need to stripi feel it comingarsenal playing domestic football on a champions league night. i feel sicki don't know if i speak for army but this is how i see it, or at least how i feel. i hope this heaw aw i feel the exact same way sdjsdj i'm so lucky i found you :( but i could never be too sweet to you omg that'si feel attackedschool over now but i feel like i got something due tomorrow smhlondon is one of the most exciting and competitive places for food and i feel proud to share our delicious dishes of perthere's entries where i'm communicating what i feel through what happened and others where i'm communicating what i'm feelingnot even an "i feel," thats literally itthat's how i feel lately about him.i feel like a hostage waiting for seal team 6 to swoop in, storm the building and save me.i feel way better this weekahhh i feel so much better now i've got an iphone again!worked on some stuff with my dad and went with him to the shooting range but i feel bad because i spent a fewparents are both falling sick and they're coming tomorrow to fetch me, haih i feel like a burden :-(when my parents ask me about school i feel like athletes when the media ask them questionsi feel so nice mom.. bts suga--- first love im vote for #btsbbmas top social artistsi feel sleepywhen i feel like i'm done wrong by anyone. idc who it is. i will not deal with them. at alland stupid. who raised y'all forreal. common sense cannot be this uncommon. i feel like i'm watching the <bleep>head awards.today's just a day i feel emptyi feel gooood :)christ, i feel polluted!i feel like blowing my braini feel sad for not voting properly these days... im sorry but my school plates are really draining me i votewhy didn't no one tell me how nice the schaefer center bathrooms were, i feel wealthy!anxiety levels to the max as i have to present on a topic i feel i know nothing about :)i wanna get food and go home . i feel so sick"i feel like r2 <bleep>ing d2"thing is, we have that election in germany coming up but sometimes i feel like my voice is not loud enough and it scares mei've been running at night for awhile now, i'm not a morning person.. but i ran this morning and damn do i feel good. def doing that againbut if you see what i see, if you feel as i feel, and if you would seek as i seek, then i ask you to stand beside me, ...i feel incredibly blessed, but also really like dying today because of jimin today i don't even know anymore... #btsbbmaspll is so <bleep> but i feel like i have to watch it till the endthis guy is the best thing that happened in my life thanks to him and his texts,words,i feel good and relaxed the besoh yeah i stan the sweetest man ever! i feel so lucky! #btsbbmasi have a lot of sympathy for him, some days i feel exactly like that too.also i feel like i've learned nothing all semester. kean really is a <bleep>ty school.when i get long, arduous customization requests for stupid things, i feel like i'm using my photoshop powers for lame instead of awesome.i laid in my bed until noon. and i feel like garbage because of it."oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel anywayi feel like, from a gameplay perspective, automata not making you replay shared sidequests on subsequent playthrus is good...i feel like one of the only things that are holding deepika back is her introverted personalitytake a hammer. now smash your most valuable possession. that's how i feel insidei feel lied to bioware
i told how he was doing, and where kenny was, i have aspergers, if people lie i "feel" it..
if you've ever raised your hand to a dog in an abusive manner i feel like you should be personally <bleep>ed off of the planet
i feel so loved i-
&lt;and i'll leave when i feel you got no reason to say anything to anybody. /i dropped the accent by accident. sorry!
omg how do girls love when their bfs spend like $400 on them??? i feel bad when a dude buys me a water bottle.
i can't retweet this but girl i feel it
whenever i feel like i wanna give up, i look to the man above and he gives me strength.
everytime i feel like cheating with another member, jimin attacks me like, 'bish, who do you think you are trying to swerve
i feel so <bleep>ty right now
i feel so low atm
i feel weird and happy and kilig at the same time?? ajssksjsjd i can't explain it
whenever i listen to beach house i feel like i'm floating on clouds about to ascend to a different dimension
shinee voices as musical instruments (short thread) *personal opinions * i have no knowlegde in music *just what i f
i feel uneasy seeing that seagate drive after mine failed in under a year :v
for once i feel confident in a rhetorical <bleep>ysis essay. thank you for making me eat a frog everyday!!!!
omg, i feel so guilty. i tweet about 50 wrong tweets to vote for bts for every second day since the voting sy
i feel personally attacked
i feel so tired and sleepy
please will someone just give me a job i feel i deserve one
i feel like i'm the only local business that literally runs their own/whole business by their self..
i feel like i'll be able to finish kgk over the weekends..? we'll see
i feel like right <bleep> every day
i may try to leave early today and friday bc i feel like <bleep>.
i feel you vmin is the only thing that i need in my life
i love my dad with all my heart.. i feel for the girls who didn't grow up with their dad around them..
i feel bad bc my dad always does so much for us but he always gets the hand me downs
i wanna apologize to someone but i feel like after a certain point it wouldn't even matter. my pride is an issue
i feel so free and at peace lately and i love it, i'm starting to feel like myself again
honestly brett is the most amazing person to ever grace this earth and i feel like the luckiest girl in the world that i get to date him
bruh the nba and mlb haven't talked about expanding surprisingly. i feel like st. louis and seattle deserve a team
y'all take twitter too serious, just bc i tweet something doesn't mean it's how i feel lmao.
i feel like death has a grip on my skeleton. it is not nice. #ill
ya allah, bring my focus back because i feel so distracted these days. amin ya rabb.
i feel so awkward smiling without my braces
i literally have no reason to be upset but i feel so unl*ved
but everytime i think about running i replace it with food...i feel like 100 pounds heavier
there isn't much that i feel i need, a solid soul and the blood i bleed
i feel like the only reason i live is to represent you in alabama
i feel like <bleep> why did i even come to class we arent learning anything new
i feel like a wound like i got a <bleep>ing gun against my head, you live when i'm dead.
our mother's day is today dang i feel like crap lol
yeah i getcha, i have both too, allergic to both, just annoying that that's why i feel so <bleep>ty all the time :(
i feel you but i can't imagine tony not wanting blood regardless and reasonably so.
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
maybe. i don't have to go yet but i feel it will have to happen soon ish
i don't know if i speak for army but this is how i see it, or at least how i feel. i hope this he
if all you can talk about is high school bc thats when you peaked, i feel bad for u
first time i slept without an alarm and being in the fetal position and i feel reborn
ndjdkdskdjdj should i feel bad? bc i dont
i feel like i could sleep all day
i feel the same about gold leaf
i feel so bad for the #4
i feel like when girls tweet about <bleep>ual frustration they're subbing the ex. every women knows she can get <bleep> when she wants.
dear america, how far is too far? cuz i feel like homeboy #45 real pushing the limits but still sitting comfy in his office....
i feel like a scottish span convention should be set up and you should go to it
after having food poisoning and a virus these past three days , i can tell you that i feel great today
i feel so gross
i feel like i'm in a movie
when i look this boy i feel like a little kid on christmas that got every thing i asked santa for
learning more about monsta x members cause i feel like i need to know certain things since i stan them now.
i feel so <bleep>ed up when i cant make my friends happy ugh
i feel as if family members/friends think that i have forgotten about her. which is not the case, i think about her on a daily basis.
i feel so ugly without a haircut.. i swear. matter fact i look so ugly without a haircut.
i feel like a spectator in the red light district.
i fell you babe. i feel you! vmin is
maybe i feel like you don't deserve a response from me ..
uggghhh i would love that. i feel like we could just hang out and nap together like a couple of cats.
when i am choosing a new music for my playlist i feel myself like a jury on any musical project and as if : "you have 10sec to impress me"
i feel that lol
gab aislinn and angel are all walking towards me in all black i feel like i'm gonna get jumped
"oh" actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i fee
i feel so cut off from the sanghrajka family whatsapp group jai hind .despite the fact i'm ill, i feel a lot better about things than i did yesterdayi can't stop thinking about <bleep> i feel like i lost an unclei feel this on a spiritual levelpersonally. i feel relapse is a classic. but it's a personal classic because it was the eminem i wanted and it was refreshing to hear.once i feel different about u, ur donei feel personally attackedafter today's slog at work i feel a bit pie-eyed. need supper now.i feel a conference coming on...like literally 5mins ago! i feel stalkedi feel like we're a disappointment to each other"ahh i feel like a virile ox. " -marlton johnsoni feel really sorry for the girl tbh, getting doxed is evil, <bleep>s got mad at 2 syllables so her life is being turned upside downi finally have emojis next to people's names on snapchat and to be honest i feel hella accomplishedbeing a senior is cool all but this time of the year is so busy!! i feel like i don't even have time to breathei feel like i'm gonna look like such a mom with my brothers and his friends tonight at the breezy concert loli feel everything. i know when <bleep> not genuine and forcedi need to cancel my dentist appointment but when i call they're so nice then i feel bad don't cancel itwow! that took a lot of authority! i feel sorry for the guys who aren't getting their tea tonighti feel like such a rebel walking around in our apartment with my shoes on.why do i feel like this? no sad music or movies today.... nope nope nope.i feel lighter than beforei feel like a right waste of space and i don't want to get help but i know i need it. currently i can't do this any more"yall are going to wish you hi feel like something tragic is going to happen to me , dk why just got a feelingi feel like garbagei got my first airbrush tan today and i feel like a glowing goddess tbhafter a day of cluster moderation, i feel like all i want to do is sleep. #tiredteacheryou can't kiss me again i feel like i wanna kiss youi feel u lol not even close to the blue im thinkingbultaoreune i vote for tsa #btsbbmas i feel so disheartened when others look down on bts. i hope you find peace onei feel so bad rn cause they're coming but we're guna leave right after lmaooooo.i feel violatedi don't know if i speak for army but this is how i see it, or at least how i feel. i hope this hei feel so smart, i figured this out.i feel bad for u.. come sit w me hahahai feel crappy inside, like something just broke.. #aldub95thweeksarysometimes i feel like the whole world is against mei'm downloading an anime because idk i feel like i need iti feel like he might be busteri'ma feed her my milk.. every time i feel tired, i need three like a elfi feel so bad for iti just ate 12 mini croissants. i feel a little sick, but mostly pleased. emotional eating ftw. #thebloggesstribemfs gone have to get up outta here cause i feel crowdedi feel like ain't nobody praying for me only preying on me.i feel like if beyonc put rat <bleep> in a coffee filter she could say it's a cupcake and people would be like "yaaaas queenugh when and how did i get sick? i feel like <bleep>.when ever i see someone taking a shot of vodka i feel like throwing upvery happy with who i'm becoming. i'm softening around the edges, loving freely and not afraid to say how i feel. tenderni feel like when the proctors collected my apush exam, they felt like they touched a piece of food while cleaning the dishes.i feel you #btsbbmasidk i used that term bc i feel like more people identify it as sucudo u actually think, that the american public the news services are that stupid? i feel sorry 4 ur kid.21000 words into hotel holly and i feel... so bad #amwriting #horror #novel #writerslifeyes girl i feel youmy friends told me one day i feel it tooi'm not surprised because shonda killed the ratings and the show last season lol but i feel bad for my bbs.i just found out joe jonas is in the band dnce??? i feel so betrayed?? why would you break up the jonas brothers and join another band???#aplang ??? more like #aphang because that's what i feel like doing to myself right nowi feel kind of bad for betsy devos.. nah, just kidding. #bethunecookmanis there a site or twitter account that keeps track of upcoming #marches? i feel like i need a list i can import into a calendar.if yo girl calling that <bleep> her brother and they ain't related i feel bad for you my boy
i feel like there's a knife pushing deep into my chest.
i feel numb. i feel hollow. i don't want to feel anything anymore.
today i need someone to netflix and chill till i feel better
hmm don't know how i feel about my placement potentially being in kidderminster now
not like pigs, i feel a pity, it hurts me, i have a pet pig on my farm, and yes i agree, eating pork is bad.
everytime i feel like cheating with another member, jimin attacks me like, 'bish, who do you think you are trying to swerve
although winning today is crucial,i feel sad for our situation!transformation needed to restore winning mentality #afc #goonerfamily #coyg
there isnt muuuuch that i feel i neeeeed
whenever i listen to beach house i feel like i'm floating on clouds about to ascend to a different dimension
i feel it coming...
lmao i feel it
that is truly horrific. as a big coffee drinker myself i feel for you and the rest of the guys
i feel like <bleep> so i'm gunna watch a 90's scary movie. dk if it'll make me feel better, worse or too scared to sleep alone.
i wanna text you, call you, talk to you but i feel annoying if i do.
ciarra has a boyfriend but i'm still her date for her cousins wedding on saturday.. i feel special
this morning, my throat was a little scratchy. now, i feel <bleep>ty in every way possible. my body and my brain both <bleep>!
i feel like everyone i know from all aspects of my life are currently in rome
oh i am shaken .. why do i feel like this ?
man, i feel like the only dude in philly who has confidence in jmills, cept for the man himself obviously.
i feel heavy.. i am okay but i feel heavy ... ugh
i feel like the only person on earth who thinks that lemon lime soda tastes like pickles please tell me im not alone:/
i feel like ive proven myself enough to be put on a good team but no good offers :( still f/a.
i feel like i'm slowly forgetting how to be me
i feel you girl, i got five when i went for a beach tour last week
"i feel like i'd be cranky if i was pregnant"
i feel amazing! are you using auras?
i feel some vindication for you as well as your wife the obama admin., thru the
i cant believe how much this blew up i feel so proud
i feel like that's a vast majority of people
outgrowing people is real and i feel it happening
i feel like this will come out a lil creepy but i tried sgshss baby kook i voted for for the top social artis
i feel like crap and i'm taking it out on you and your cash. #findom #kiksession
i feel so drained and i just want to sleep for 10 years
this day started so good but now i feel like <bleep>. nice
being a big girl today and getting my tires fixed once again lol even though i feel miserable
i feel so sick. i'm ready for bed already... hopefully today goes by fast..
when i give my friends rides i don't ask for money, i'm your friend not your uber driver. i feel like that's how it's sup
randomly sat next to a devie (@quartzcrusher) for lunch at #oscon! i feel like half the people i've met here are i
i feel like the lab is crowded and i want him far away from caitlin as possible that love was badly hand
wow i feel like the most frequent rider of the struggle bus i know
mhm i feel like being laaaaaazy
lol i feel like the movie idiocracy is playing out in real life.
i feel your pain bro!
#topbbmas i feel for you but when did you believe you were alone
i don't know how i feel about girl boss. the main character is lowkey annoying.
i feel like i'm waiting on something that isn't going to happen
each time i hear "i feel it coming", i think about yousana and i love it
sometimes i feel like i'm moving in slow motion
i know i feel sorry for you working with this wanna be rocknrolla
i feel shoutout to my ex in my soul
'every time i feel selfish ambition is taking my vision and my crime is my sentence repentance is taking commission' #t
i feel super lonely and down
i feel like everybody be staring at me like hi <bleep> tf
i hate how i'm having anxiety and trying so hard not to show my panic attack towards you. i can't eat right. i feel like i'm dying by you.
i feel like i should delete my tweets weekly to avoid such humiliation
i feel well bad for u:(((( poor child :(
this is how i feel about ur older brother
it's so hard to pick a bias in gfriend lol earlier it was eunha and then yuju and now i feel like sinb is my new bias?
god i feel <bleep>
this explains how i feel about it all. straight brazy. kick <bleep> in state coosa. make floyd county proud.
i feel sorry for people who are conditioned to accept everything theyre taught as fact, wise up
i feel like high school don't prepare the youth enough for the " real " world
i feel like you still young minded if you hate hearing the truth like grow tf up accept <bleep> for what it is.
the worst thing about being a parent is the inability to fix their "boo-boo's"! i feel so helpless.....however, i will remain hopeful!
i really am! i feel like ed sheeran, i've literally been singing galway girl everywhere lol
feeling like the four i feel fantastic
i feel like punching someone in the face
me too! i feel like i relate to chrissy more tbh
i feel like an ugly emotional <bleep>. i love itmaybe it's just because i'm a long time caps fan, but i feel like tonight's first goal is really, really important.so tired, i feel guilty being in bed by 8 when it's nice weather. but i'm trying to make the most of my bed before i forget what sleep isi'm not bout that savage or no feelings <bleep>. <bleep> that. i feel deeply. i got a big <bleep> heart. im human and thingi feel so pretty when i get my nails doneaw come on now i feel bad howd u manage to do this to me timi feel i'm financially not ready for a relationship. like i want to get bae cool stuff from t.m lewin, gold cufflinks and ai been down so long i feel like i deserve iti feel so sorry for you because you need to go through this <bleep>..i feel yai feel <bleep>y all the time but i don't think i can make people see that. i'm veeeey awkward with people i don't know wellpakistan bts army voting for top social artist award #bbmas. #btsbbmas like always i feel so far awayman parents love me. sometimes i feel like if it was up to y'all parents you'd be put up for a adoption and i'd be brougsurrounded by killers, if i feel disrespected they goin shoot if i tell'em.don't say that. i feel you on the soreness though, then i went hard again today!jm: i feel like being tall rn. v: don't worry, it's just your feeling. i vote for #btsbbmas top social artist awai dont have mineral water in my room and i feel super thirsty right now and it's almost 3am and aaaaaaaaright! i was watching it not only did it look messy af but i feel like you waste a lot of producti feel similarly.nfl versus nba coverage debate please, i feel too much coverage of nfl during its off season, your thoughts?i feel <bleep>ing weird and obsessed with nothingwere you sober? were you mad? do you know how i feel? are you ready to say goodbye?since finals are over now, i feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders.i feel like i'm caught in a broken machine i'm scared that you might never get what you need #ifeellikeifeelhonestly idek but i feel bad for the writer everyone is being so weird about iti feel like cracking a bush-light rni feel personally attacked.i'm too shy to tell you how i feel.honestly speaking i feel as stunned as i was on dec16 1971 when gen niazi laid down arms before gen jagjeet singh arora.i feel like my heart was actually just ripped out of my chestit may be something that somebody needed to hear but tbh i feel comfortable enough to open up i think that's okay.i feel sad for not voting properly these days... im sorry but my school plates are really draining me i votei feel the uncontrollable urge to buy this for everyone i know.i feel sorry for kellyanne conway's friends and family, this woman is absolutely unreasonable.wow i'm really finna be having to eat children's meal portion sizes bc i feel sick lowkeyi feel sorry for people who think the best of everything has already been made. what must their lives be like with no chai feel like slapping afor me i feel its more the lack of candor in her expressionno amount of sleep in the world could cure the tiredness i feelmy soc midterm was so easy i feel like i unknowingly cheatedi feel like a lost bunny herein a room full of failures, i feel out of placei just binge watched videos. i feel so much calmer and better nowi feel you huhui feel like i'm slowly forgetting how to be me
i wanna tweet in caps lock forever but i feel obnoxious
facebook has been recommending me ads of people wanting to sell cars and its a vectra 2001 for the fourth time in a row. i feel attacked
ok i feel u
awe i feel like you could still work that in there lol
haha that's how i feel about that question
i'd never tell a soul about the way i feel because that would make it too real
i feel naked without my watch and chains on lbs
i feel like i can conquer anything with a french manicure on my toes
i feel like we haven't done a show like this in a while and we have a lot up our sleeves for it already... trust me
how am i feeling? i feel like screaming as loud as i can rid my body of all the built up stress but its no big deal. yo
lavrov: i feel bemused that you - serious people - are asking me these questions and im forced to answer them (re: russia alle
i feel like would relate, too.
yeah. i hate those. i have a good stiff brush but a few always do their own thing. i feel ya.
malcom x was one crazy <bleep> <bleep> though!!!! i feel like he'd pull some kung fu <bleep>
i feel like friendship should be an equal exchange, whether that be knowledge, favours, emotions it should be equal and if not
i feel like yoongi would be the cheesiest partner
i feel like i'm too loyal for my own good. like caring about mfs who don't even deserve it will be my downfall.
sometimes i feel like i did something wrong as a person.
i feel confident that fbi director ted nugent will get to the bottom of everything.
y'all take twitter too serious, just bc i tweet something doesn't mean it's how i feel lmao.
i feel sick
ya allah, bring my focus back because i feel so distracted these days. amin ya rabb.
i feel this mate
why do i feel so...
i believe in giving chances until i feel like they being taken for granted
i feel like i am tweeting my whole life but i'm just doing it because of the voting i vote for the #bbmas #btsbbma
just found a lords of the realm ii case with tes: arena's disc inside, but no mates. i feel betrayed
i feel like all'o y'all are desperate..
i feel like friends been overrated
i don't know if i speak for army but this is how i see it, or at least how i feel. i hope this he
cold hearted would be an understatement as to how i feel at this point.
i mailed him a letter last week. haven't heard anything. every time i see them, i feel sick that they're "in jail". so cruel
honestly speaking i feel as stunned as i was on dec16 1971 when gen niazi laid down arms before gen jagjeet singh arora.
i feel like people have to make it onto a medical or crime drama before officially becoming a tv actor
i feel like i don't know you, but i know you
i feel like i'm constantly sleepy now.
i feel like i will never find a name i like
the simple fact that i have a recital and i feel like this
i spelled 'big-ass' as 'bigg-ass' and like, i feel like it suits?
i feel like i'm waiting for something that is never going to happen.
and my names not spelled with a k, but these peasants continue to get it wrong. i feel your pain.
today i feel a great sense of somberness as i watch trump destroying the promise of the country i love
being <bleep>ually liberated and being loose are two completely different things i feel like ppl get it confused
ur friends with so many people i hate, kinda wanna break the mutual, u barely like my tweets but we've been mutuals for ages so i feel bad
really tired of feeling the way i feel. i didn't get asked to be brought into this world and it should have stayed like
i feel useless
in other news we finally took my car out of storage and i feel complete again, i love me car.
i feel like my family is holding me back from truly being successful and it <bleep>s.
and idk if it's just cuz im feeling <bleep>ty, but i feel like im drifting away from everyone
ahfksfhlksf i'm stressed and overwhelmed from work i feel like crying :/
i feel like if im ever in a relationship i'll still be more flirty with than i will with my bf
this person hasn't changed their dp in months i feel like i should say something but it's not my place
come on martin, continue staying motivated..... i feel great today! life is beautiful as <bleep>!! i hope everyone is having a great day.
yo i keep worrying about nicole and i feel like a mother god
i feel meh about the album as a whole but i think it's bc i just don't need to hear the weeknd songs in close succession.
i feel bad for the <bleep>es who were pretty in high school but never got out of that drug and drinking phase, you look bad n
i wish i can change my hair in a finger snap whenever i feel like it
when i leave the gym i feel great apart from the fact i'm shaking and still want to eat cake
2. i'm in love with him because he makes me laugh even when i feel discouraged
to a certain extent, i feel like if someone values you, the effort will be evident but i feel in general, lack of effort is common now.
sometimes i feel like i do too much for people that won't do anything for me
i wonder what black folks in hogwarts would be like? i feel they would have a completely different set of problems
wednesday - 1 me - 0 i feel broken
i feel like my dad use to take me to astroworld all the time hoping i'd die so he could sue and be rich.
i feel sorry for him, but i'm also laughing really hard rn he's so passionate that coordina
awww thanks! i feel like sometimes she knows it and uses her charms to get things from me hahahahaidk why i feel old..ive never seen so much of weymouth in one day. not sure how we squeezed in so much. so worth how tired i feel now!!i am not a big benzema fan but that was all his hard work. i feel it's too much atletico now. #atletirealmadrid #championsleaguemy functional voice professor singing "why me" as a warm up is exactly how i feel listening to an hour of recordings of her doing warm upsoh i feel a bit better now xi feel sick after watching that <bleep>ist"my dreams are celestial, success is infinitesimal had chances but i messed it all, i feel like i never got blessed at all"i feel like when i'm playing as serath it feels like she's running on sand with sand bags. is there a way to increase movement?so far being unemployed means interested people taking me out to eat, often more than once a day. i feel like the prettiesthate is all i feeli vote for for the top social artist award #btsbbmas i feel so attacked. someone stop jimin asapi get sick when i feel guiltyi feel like i'm not doing enough in anything blehbeen doing workouts 2 a day! and although my body is paying for it...i feel amazing!i feel myself better today. it's so wonderful ye i feel myself so goood:)i feel like i know thooh my oh my ! i love this weather i feel like it'severy time i see ryan reynolds in a movie i feel myself getting just a little bit gayeri feel like the twins are gonna keep teasing us making things purple so we are like omg 4ou and they're gonna be like we#nextchat a4: i also love the fact that #hr has so many different responsibilities. i feel like i'm doing at least 1 differeni guess i'll go out with you, guren. i-it's only because i feel sorry for you!"i feel positive, my results have been getting better during the season as i have been growing in confidence. #fanboosi also wanna see more growth in the community and i feel like one long video might be intimidating to new peoplei accidentally stepped on my cats paw.. i feel so bad.. and now she's staring at me she's going to kill melol how you think i feel that i can only find you for a friend #badtimesi would relate this to when i lose my iphone 6 + and have use a normal size cell.. unfortunately size matters. i feel your painsometimes i feel like i'm living in an endless maze....xif i feel your just a waste of time we not speaking at all ! i will look you deadass in the eye n not say nothing . no mori don't know if i speak for army but this is how i see it, or at least how i feel. i hope this he*nsync's "bye, bye, bye" was the throwback jam of the day on the radio. i feel old.how am i supposed to tell you how i feel when you get mad everytime i do?nah i feel u, but its just funny to see people say they need to warm up in h1i feel like i would look so good with a full sleeve but i could never commit to that lolhahah u kno how i feel about spongebobyea that would be pretty cool. i feel like that would be good for you to start that frfrall i wear is black and all i feel is blue.did you see the latest being the elite video? the njpw dudes get no line. i feel terrible cause i really want to meet martyugh i hate u lol i feel real dumb rni feel like everything's changingevery time i'm having a bad day i look at pictures and videos of my nephews and niece and suddenly i feel much betterwow i feel dumbi feel like i need to give him points for the use of "aggrieved".and you yourself have that characteristic... yet you don't change it... wallah i feel sorry for usi voted for the #bbmas top socal artst award #btsbbmas #hopeworld i feel so nice mom i feel so nicei feel like i'm the only who feels like college is easier than high school was for me lmaooooo idk howhow am i feeling? i feel like screaming as loud as i can rid my body of all the built up stress but its no big deal. yoi feel like i cant draw a battered and bruised version of cause he seems more like the abuser, but i will tryvery happy with who i'm becoming. i'm softening around the edges, loving freely and not afraid to say how i feel. tenderni sleep so little that when i do..i feel guilty for even doing so. #thehuntprovideshaving one of those days when i consume large amounts of junk food in hopes of curing the way i feeli feel like no one's noticed that lebron threw a huge shot at steph klay in his newest kia commercialand all i feel is how my heart beat fast when i'm with you...benzema i changed the way i feel about youi feel you, but this series is basically just a consolation prize, neither team can take the cavs in 7i feel so bad for those students. all that work, the joy of reaching graduation only to havei feel like the da vinci of doodlesi feel the need to point out this picture came from russian state media. the us press was not allowed to attend. at the whiti'm just gonna go home, shower, and sleep... i feel terrible :(yeah i feel like it's hard to go back to jokes in the midst of govt chaosi feel like i have matured a lot just by how i have been handling situations...college republicans: i feel this stigma, i feel ostracized by my peers on campus for being a republican also college republi feel like i'm slowly forgetting how to be me
indescribable what i feel rn
boo, i feel you on the debt and the stress. but. there are so many opportunities for loan forgiveness.
everytime i feel like cheating with another member, jimin attacks me like, 'bish, who do you think you are trying to swerve
i waited for too long now i feel full dammit
from this moment on i'm changing the way i feel...
i don't really understand about yu tsai's logic on #asianexttopmodels5 .is he really a fashion person?sometime i feel like
i feel like we haven't done a show like this in a while and we have a lot up our sleeves for it already... trust me
i do really like the recliners that we have. if i sit in regular theater seats, i feel like a heathen.
if #wwe had more factions i feel like people would respond better to the product. there's a reason dx,nwo, and recently, shield are loved.
i feel like doctors are out here trying to kill us... he told me not to drink the one thing i love, milk. kante calcium?
everyone around me is speaking spanish. i feel like i'm back in cuba.
after watching our qbs the last few years i feel like i could def compete at it
i feel like that's what i do...
sometimes i feel like crying so hard that my heart might explode but then i tell myself to be strong and it's all gonna be fine someday
i feel so crusty without my nails done
telling me that i'm gonna change the way i feel about something is going to make me irritated.
my scl has a polling station and i feel like shouting sometimes ~ that's my future!
i have no voice box currently. i feel like a fish out of water sigh
i feel sorry for some ppl gone be in the same place 10yearsfrom now arguing with the new
every time i see ryan reynolds in a movie i feel myself getting just a little bit gayer
i feel like <bleep>
i feel a mbd coming along...
i can't believe i live in a world where katie mcgrath exists..i feel so blessed
i can't face it. i feel like i'm going to vomit.
omf i feel you it's boring... but it's gotta happen. thanks thooo... omg!! bless you g-ma :') what kinda soup??
so much anxiety has vanished and i feel happy and positive
some days, i feel kinda bad abt this, but then i just count the cash while repeating to myself: "it's just a fetus" htt
walking, living legend man, i feel like kobe.
i feel attacked
i feel like they have a monopoly basically
as much as i want atletico to win and go to the finals, i feel like juve and real would be a better match :/
i'm feelin this scorpio full moon energy and for once i like it! it feels gooood i feel powerful
i feel you...and it truly is. we're in 2017, can you believe racism is still an issue? the world is <bleep>ed up
its the house of cards writers i feel sorry for. whatever theyve put in the new season will seem like the teletubbies
my cats crave to go outside it would be cruel for me to cage them in i feel
i feel you
honestly that's kind of how my life is every day so. i feel u
my world has changed so much in the past two months not sure how i feel about the change but i guess i trust it
lmao. i feel
i feel like .. if you in a relationship u carry yourself a different way. can't do the same <bleep> you do when you single. feel
lol i feel ya. not many comments care about what i'm saying they just want to comment on what i look like
i feel like a proud mother lol i vote for top social artist awards #btsbb
i feel like there are only 2 possibilities: -tp will never tweet #topbbmas or -they will, but only on the very last
i can't deal with people who wants to copy my work even though they had plenty of time to finish but i feel bad if i say no......
fucking hell i feel so <bleep> about myself :( cry
i handed my essay in an hour early. i feel like a champion. my best timing yet.
i feel like <bleep> but what's new
i feel so nice mom i feel so nice fifty five #btsbbmas
i feel another tatt. session coming real soon
somehow, someway i feel that i'll be okay
i feel like navigating hip hop as a woman (esp an aware woman) is complex but avoiding it completely is unrealistic, to
i feel like i'm breathing really loud lmao
my mom cut her hair and said "i feel like hannah baker, everyone is going to be like omg you cut your hair" ... omg
aaa someone get on discord i wanna talk but i feel weird abt doing it on twitter idk why
my sister just said asap rocky's ugly :( i feel bad for her :(
i feel like i'm the epitome of a hot <bleep>ing mess rn i look like a slob
i feel ill
nope! and i feel too sweet and full after eating that red one lol
my head hurts so bad that i feel like i'm about to throw up.
i just want to cuddle someone rn. i feel like absolute <bleep>
for the first time in years i feel like crying in class wow this semester really got the best of me !
honey i'm on fire, i feel it everywhere. nothing scares me anymore.
if my <bleep>ties have ever been in your mouth, i feel u owe me a mother's day gift..
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
thanks i feel much better
i feel useless, worthless and pathetic
after the #aplang test i feel like i know nothing et al
