if i'm ever sad i remember follows me and i feel instantly better
having had square....i feel like it is taken for ever for my social media pay to clrar
used to be nothing to beat gps eta, then waze came along. so i feel real sense of accomplishment when i beat eta by 30+ min. #cominginhot
everytime i think about my future i feel like lemon juice is being poured into my eyes. by everytime i mean: every 10 seco
why do i feel dis way today
<bleep> a vacay i feel better at work
but i feel like taking a nap, so i'm taking a nap goodbye
i feel like a mother <bleep>ing hobbit today. 3rd brunch is my jam and jelly son. #mondaymotivation #dildobagginsforpresident
i feel so lost watching soapies yoh :/ :/
i feel so ashame to even live rn
i feel your pain! #goodspaawards
and yeah, i feel so bad for harambe's tragedy. i cried watching one of the video. i'm not even kidding.
i feel sorry for myself for loving u this much
i feel like some of you need to research what the make a wish foundation is for before you keep going on about that girl
"i feel like da plug" shirt came in and overall it's dope!!! but the quality thoooo
that's exactly how i feel! i walk like it's my job. it's therapy!
my streams are canceled until i feel better. sorry cuties.
interesting topic guys but i feel there should be a dietician <bleep> nutritionist invited #mondayspecialke
i feel like eaten some <bleep> right now
welp. no more meeting sabrina. no more meeting ariana. i feel like crying
might've been the most clich day of my life, i spent my rainy vancouver afternoon writing at a coffee shop. don't know how
i feel like he would main mei and just block all of his own teams ults
i feel so bad for tim honestly that's so <bleep>ed
i feel so bad for my exes like imagine losing me
i feel like today the world has accepted that its nearly christmas
i feel so lonely there even in so many students because i know no one is going to help me out.
i feel like i'm already tired tomorrow
lls i feel like u lying......but okay
if you live in "miami" and always in kendal or some damn outskirt i feel bad for y'all. there's so much more to see and chill spots hidden
my life is just a <bleep>ing mess i feel sorry for myself
i feel so rushed with my days,now that it gets dark so early
sometimes i feel like i'm in this alone
i'm not being cute when i say that i feel like gwen ifill said "fuck this"
i need to detox this week cuz i feel like shiiiiiii
i feel like this past week has been such a blur.
how i feel about myself means more than your opinion about me
i will always give love no matter how much i feel depleted.
i feel like everyone on last man on earth is a way better actor than they let on for this series
rushed to the hospital this morning smh i feel like crap
affirm: my cells vibrate ecstatically within the ocean of abundance. this i feel and this i know!
niggas be lien js to lie . ima start punching mfs in the mouth every time i feel like they lien , don't make no sense
i feel bad for bts antis, they're missing a lot of fun. not stanning talent must be hard. it's sad.
i feel so much better knowing ryan will watch my pupper while im in vegas. go ahead and make my life a lil easier
my mom just shocked me and i feel like i literally got electrocuted
sometimes i feel so cold hearted
i feel u, i just think its dumb to judge other orgs, sure they could nit pick <bleep> we do n say "whats the point" or "thats dumb"
whenever i see people with high numbers i feel i haven't lived enough
i feel- uncomfortable sometimes when i'm on twitter bc of the inappropriate comments i see made towards bts. please ha
ughhhhh oh my godddddddddddd this suuuuuuuuuuuuucks!!!!!!!!!! ...well i feel better. thx twitter.
love/hate relationship with the way i feel so emotionally connected to people through certain music
it's a natural energy..i feel the chemistry
i feel bad when people don't get my sense of humor because i'm the funniest person i know
i feel like i've heard you make the same point about demographics life expectancy.
i feel disgustingly hungover and i just want to be set on fire right about now x
i feel like music is the most influential art right now. i feel like it's all necessary tho. we need these stories.
i feel bad because i <bleep> and never call em back
i'm wayyyyyy up i feel blessed
i have so many plastic surgeons on sc that i feel like whenever strangers peep my screen they think im perverted af for looking at <bleep>s
had a <bleep>ty day off, mum came home, we watched elf, i covered my room in christmas lights and yet i feel only slightly better
i feel exactly like that scene from where poppy loses her color. such a powerful intense scene. must watch movie
i once worked with someone for 4 years and never learned her name if that tells you how i feel about your "thanks for followin
i feel so sick
yaaaay what am i doing in my lifeeee i feel like i share lottery numbers with the public
i feel the love.
i feel like alyssa thinks im joking...
oh crap! needs to read about this! why do i feel not good at all! :'(
i feel ur pain i was hanging sundaywine is the devils drink -good luck with last tango looking 4ward 2 watching it
i feel you
i am extremely blunt. if i feel a way, i will approach u. i dont do the subs/talk behind ur back if i dont address it, i didn't rlly care
i feel/look like trash
you can invite em in and get a vodka"@erutay1: i feel like getting high just chilling with some close friends"
i'll always tweet something, and as soon as i post it, i feel like it's stupid and delete it asap
imagination is key and if you don't have it i feel very sorry for you
i am not in this world to live up to other people's expectations, nor do i feel that the world must live up to mine. -
i feel sorry for the couple who is watching #genthelegacy, because that xolelwa part was awkward obvious lol
i'm exhausted from trying to be stronger than i feel
i feel like that's similar to saying everything edible is food. just because you can digest it doesn't mean you should.
i feel like i'm going insane
i just realized i look as tired as i feel and now i'm sad
why i feel so sad
i feel like if a girl hits a guy it's whatever but she better be ready for some punches to be thrown back
i feel like a little kid sometimes
i always wonder what i've done to deserve all the pain i feel day by day.
god can love a room full of people and treat you like the only child...oooh i feel special yazi #unconditionallove...#eternalpeace
can i just say that i've only been best friends with for 11 months and i feel like we've changed so much!!
i feel that way about venti iced coffees but then i do end up drinking all of it so it's not even remotely the same
whait what do she didnt make it i feel so dumb i disnt understand it at first
i feel like this fall has had the best weather ever, or maybe i'm just growing up i appreciate things like that more now
exhaustion doesn't even begin to explain how i feel right now.
"i come from the white working class...i feel deeply humiliated that the dem party cannot talk to the people i came from"
i feel like <bleep>
sometimes i feel like my pictures don't capture how cute i am. you have to see me in person.
i feel like relationships can last longer if you get to know everything about them as friends first before getting into
i feel this on an emotional level
the only time i feel safe is when homer fixes the collar on my flannels without me having to ask
i actually put my health before my academics and i feel soooooo amazing. i can actually put energy into my work now.
i know it's only been out for a week but i feel like i wasted so much time sleeping on tinashe's new album :(
i feel like this week finna go by so slow
i feel like i have a 6 months old baby in my stomach rn
i feel great things will happen in my future
i feel sorry for this dog
smoke. but i feel you on the coffee
"i feel like graduating" but like you guys are juniors...
i feel like the world is against me
i feel fine now. later, my heart cries again. i need a very big distraction. this heartbreak is the most painful one i've ever encountered
i feel like draking tonight..
i feel like i'm dyslexic but just haven't been tested yet
i feel bad for people that need to be <bleep>ed up to have a good time
that's exactly how i feel, like i'm probably not the best person in the world but at least i'm willing to step up for people.
i feel like denim dad hats with the "" emoji would fit the brand perfectly.
whenever i put my uggs on i feel like there's spiders living in them
for the first time in my life i feel like i'm not moving forward. i'm stagnant. doesn't feel great.
i feel like complete what else is new
i choose not to follow other girls boyfriends when she tags them cause i feel that's disrespectful
i feel too tired to exist sometimes
i feel we post these pills and ea goes "oh <bleep>, adjust odd of gold player pack"...
this <bleep> really get on my nerves, she make my <bleep>ing veins boil i wish it was an emoji for the way i feel right now
i feel like i'm falling into a bottomless pit of sadness!!!! s'all good
im gonna eat edibles until i feel pretty
if we're not friends then i feel sorry for u cos i'm jokes
lmaoo yeah i feel it
damn i feel good walking out the gym with this fog in the air
i feel so disgusting rn
i feel you homie! wish i could be back tomorrow
the you have built your brand on a phrase i feel is appropriate if you have hired steve bannon.tell him "you are fired!"
somebody fainted in my chem lab, i feel that on a personal level
if its real then you know how i feel
same tho i feel bad
i feel like i need new makeup
i feel sick.
i feel like i'm pretty much invisible but that's fine
i'm actually off on thanks giving and i feel like an <bleep>hole because i told my mom i don't want to go to her family's house.
the level of hostility i feel towards cincinnati drivers is unhealthy. #roadrage
catching up on the end of s2 and i cant believe i feel sorry for that rejected evil <bleep> heel. #salem
i've figured out that if i sleep over 8 hours i feel like crap. so i usually get up after 8 hours even if i don't wanna.
i hungry but i feel like throwing up so estinf would be bad
if the lord jesus is not in your heart or you not saved i feel bad for you
i feel disrespected, if i brought other boys back to my house you would be mad
i feel you on that one
i feel the hate it's cool
i cant even explain how i feel about you
i feel like offset
i'm so mad all i feel like doing is beating the <bleep> out of someone
my husband and i just listened to this. thank you. i feel better. safer. america needs a su
"... im very, very funny on twitter, according to buzzfeed and my mom, so i feel like this is a great idea". #girlcrush
i feel astho a complete stranger cares about me and shows more love than the people i actually know.
i know it's a "supermoon" but it literally just looks like a full moon i feel like i'm missing something
i feel so lucky to be experiencing life
my purple gel pen died and i feel betrayed
i'm feeling so much love from my family and friends, i feel like sunshine
why do i feel like i'm crawling through the finish line this semester
jealousy would be such an easy emotion to handle compared to what i feel. cnn is pro reince priebus so what train u sa
i feel so bad ..
i feel like the is mine foreign coupe don't even drive
i feel like hitting the fattest bkunt after dealing with this one specific dominican receptionist. like, yo, this is your job.
maybe i don't cry, but it hurts. maybe i won't say, but i feel. maybe i don't show, but i care.
person who is nothing like you "i feel like we're a lot alike"
i feel like a zombie
i feel them working little by little
it was awful.. had them for 2 yrs. i thought that <bleep>ed. 6!?! ughhhhhh. i feel u girls.
i feel like yo gotti i feel like yo gotti i feel like yo gotti
i feel like dropping some again
i feel you. i know who it would be, too.
i feel like his defense has got even worse - real lazy. obviously killing it at the other end.
i feel bad when someone with like 100 followers follow me cuz i talk so much <bleep> so i know i'ma flood their tl
i feel passionately for ikea meatballs
i feel like this is a very rihanna thing to do but it is yeezy
someone please explain to me why my dumb <bleep> thought i would be ok to work!? like i feel so weird because of my mess i can't
i feel so relaxed after my massage! thank you!
i feel the <bleep>iest in baggy clothing
i feel relaxed when people hurt me, at least i don't have to take care of their feelings any further.
i will always give love no matter how much i feel depleted.
i feel kinda invincible
i feel like i start feeling somebody too much when my recent emoji bar get too blushy lovey dovey
honestly can't wait til january. i feel like after the craziness of the holidays,its the first month where everything's jus
i'm having one of those nights where i feel like meeting my sunshines is impossible.. i hate these because they make me lose hope
i have three kids under 6 (including 3 yr old twins). i feel like an <bleep>hole for real.
by coincidence my chest day falls on a monday and i feel basic af
i feel like i annoy everyone
i feel bad when people don't get my sense of humor because i'm the funniest person i know
i feel you all the way around
i feel bad turning all these characters down but i really want reiji in my party
i feel like even if you weren't a #stydia fan, you wouldn't be able to write about s6 without some heavy #
i feel it's very inappropriate to chat up an older person with hey i might be wrong but what do you think about it?
i feel like i just lost the biggest part of my life
i feel so old thinking the last series of hp came out 5 years ago ...
ryan and i are hanging out at disney today and i feel like i've already failed you for not sending a picture yet.
i feel like nobody takes me seriously that pisses me off more than anything!
i feel like we are trying to tank a little bit..
no i feel u im sad too!!! apparently only like, the east or limburg can see the moon tonight :\ now we gotta wait 20 years
i feel like surprising someone today
