i'm die hard eagles fan!! i loved the trade at first. now i feel we need to see paul turner in there. dgb just taking up room
frustration doesn't come close to how i feel lately
i feel like hedgehogs don't like water but that one is just chillin
i feel like he's a very capable person, and someone who could lead the series proper.
i feel absolutely awful about life :)
i feel depressed
"guise their founders have read marx this is so cool i feel like they're my not-so-brown blood brothers or something"
just cleaned mine and i feel a lot better!
i feel like i'm at a point in my life where i have to be very concise regarding what's labeled what what's appropriate for me.
i feel like but the #dallascowboys are 8-1 soo...
:: i don't wanna play them games, cause i feel like i'm losin'. what we doin? let me know ..
lord knows that i'm blessed but sometimes i feel cursed
bruh that's 3 years ago! i feel you want something,,, what do you want? i'm broke
would you like to see more demon designs? because i feel like trying to make some more :3c
if you're having girl problems, i feel bad for you, son.
why do i feel so stressed someone come and hug me please
i feel honored. even tho i haven't dated in years
i feel betrayed by my brain for letting me down
i feel so bad for ed sheeran. he's missing out on bon iver's album.
i did too. i feel like i will regret it but i want to play for luna
i feel similarly, but have to keep in mind that though it may be fine for *us*, it's terrible for less privileged people.
conte: "i dey very enthusiastic about this experience because i feel say e don come at the right time for my career." #cfc
sir, proud of you. first time in life i feel happy for being #taxpayers waiting for more #swachhbharat abhiyan :)
i feel like my life is falling apart when my nails chip
the closer is so good it made my skin glow i feel healthy and hydrated
today has been such a good day :))) i feel so liberated i am so happy
i feel like it's time time to start a new adventure
i feel i could give a 90min presentation on how fash groups operate + some of these kids would still be plugging their ears going nuh uh
i got a hella bad rug burn in drama i feel like im gonna die
so much to do but i feel like sleeping so i think i'll just ignore my responsibilities just a little longer
i feel like dropping some again
i feel like <bleep> today kill me
i just finished drinking a gallon of water and i feel so accomplished.. day 1 of 14 down !
i feel like the past 24 hours of my life have truly been an adventure.
i wish i knew how to describe the way i feel about you to you but i don't even know how to describe the way i feel about you
i feel like i know a lot of republicans who think we're friends...
got betrayed by some <bleep>es that i love and i still love em. but it's finna be a cold <bleep> winter i feel for em
i feel guilty every time i take a nap in college. i feel like there's always something i should be doing
i want to show you that i like you before i try to talk to you so i feel comfortable and not nervous
i feel dead inside but i'm still lit af
i feel like this bat sweater.
yeah! chihuahuas i feel are more aggressive than big dogs, it's just bc big dogs look intimidating
i feel like i have so much to do and i won't have my car until after 4
if you just so happen to have a family that can't cook i feel so sorry for y'all on thanksgiving
as an ink junkie i feel insulted by the wastage of ink happening right now #nairobidiaries
idk the situation but i feel like sometimes having a relationship w/ ur mom may be more important than words/opinions
this stuff can't be explained. it's systematic, unconscious, and implicit. i can't explain it to you in the hallway, but
i feel like preyyy
i feel like today is dragging but im really just tired asf
i def been to the point where i cried everyday at work so trust i feel ya pain
i feel lost, starting to think i'm done with it all, why are they doing this to our club.? #cafc #rolandout #wtf
i do not care how hard i fw you or how much history we have if i feel like some flakey <bleep> goin on i will cut yo <bleep> of
i feel like no one should leave their children near me i am a child myself and i am such a bad influence yes i am fun but they'll copy me
and just like that all i breathe all i feel you are all for me
the more i try the less i feel
bighit didnt drop the so far away mv so they better give us the studio version of tony montana with jimin bc that <bleep> is
seriously u smell bad. i feel sorry for u
some days im happy and i feel like i take a couple steps forward and some days im emotionally drained and feel like i took
i feel overly stressed today
i feel some type of way but i'm not gone sweat it
thanks for follow gabby. i feel you are sooooo aligned with what i love most in life #harmony #love and #beauty #ethereal
i feel like everyone working for him is in it for the power/fame, not the cause or passion.
i feel like i'd enjoy baths more if i didn't have to pick which half of my body gets to be covered by water #tallgirlpro
could i feel your right <bleep> tonight please kate???
i feel for her, i really do. she's got sad eyes and with the closeted gay. ouch.
i let my stress overcome me fml i feel like such a failure
why are you loving me so much when all i feel about you is hate ???
i'm getting ready while listening to florence + the machine i feel like a goshdang ethereal goddess rn (w frizzy, wet hair)
i wrote "love wins" in rainbow colors w/ my friend on a positivity board at school i feel good man
adjusted my seats so he could drive and now i feel weird driving my own car.
i feel like ive been sleep walking all day
i feel like pulling up to 7/11 in a hootie with no ac or seatbelts who down ?
i feel better much love to my classmates
i took off my acrylic nails and i feel like a free woman
i honestly dont know wtf i feel anymore
i feel like dropping some again
i feel like people pass away near their birthday. either a little before or after their birthday. or even on their birthday. #weird
i feel so alone and weak recently and it never usually bothers me. but am an emotional wreck now cant be <bleep>ed
also, laurence olivier as richard iii. i mean, i feel that needs to be some cosplay for us, truly.
it ain't <bleep> to send a hit i feel like john gotti
all i need is a 15 minute nap and i feel 10x better
i feel so bad omg
i really wanna text this girl be the bigger person and apologize because i feel like as females we should come together in
michael hasn't tweeted since ages i feel like he just got lost in outer space
i feel like my mood is like rollercoaster
every time i feel like i'm getting my life together something happens it all falls apart again:))
right now i'm eating and i feel full/nauseous
hate being the only manager on when i feel like death
i feel like
na jay i feel for him man
i feel like the liberal media don't control what trump says himself, by hey i guess i'm wrong
excellent! but i feel very sorry for that other guy #147sf
if you're havin' twitter drama i feel bad for you, son. i got 99 problems but a tweet ain't one.
i feel you guys.
omg how do girls love when their bfs spend like $400 on them??? i feel bad when a dude buys me a water bottle.
this woman boarding this southwest flight to vegas with me is wearing mint green sweatsuit and i feel like we could be friends.
i have not played as corvo yet but i feel like emily's dark vision is significantly worse than corvo's in the first dishonored
i feel as dead as jennifer in jennifer's body when she hasn't killed boys in a while
i'm starting to study palliative care and so i'm learning about things like signs of eol and i feel like i don't remember
liza: i feel like world war 4 is about to happen everyone: liza: i need to go back to school
i'm gone be rich one day, i feel it
"i feel like a <bleep> watching jacob's musically's"
i feel like telling a dog positive things is very helpful for their growth. the same is true with humans but they also pick up on subtlety-
i feel attacked
lol i feel bad making midori a dog now.... midori can go to dog school woofy woof
watch saturday come and i'm going in whenever tf i feel like it.
i feel like a lot of the "wait see" "give him a chance" rhetoric is white people being lazy?
i've been taking morning showers but i took one last nite bc i felt gross. bad idea now it's 1pm and i feel gross again send help
i feel like death so i believe that i should go home and die or set myself on fire for warmth
yeah i feel like i got senioritis all over again .... when you coming home tho ?
i feel like i'm dying a slow and painful death and ap bio is not helping
i've done a part-time msc and i'm now doing a part-time dphil in psychology. i'm the first of my family to go to uni s
i feel like someone's run and article like this once a year for this dude's entire career
there are definitely a few people i would love to block on snapchat but i feel mean haha
i really don't discuss what i feel ever.
i feel sick and ready to die
the way a mother feels about a son who went to prison is pretty much the way i feel about a vegetarian restaurant with few vegan
i feel sad when i hear someone saying that they did it all on their own without anyone's help.
i feel for you ...us is
lol eki i feel like i harness a whole lot of power right now
i wanna eat my leftover fried sushi but i feel bad about using a microwave to nuke japanese food
i feel like this generation is still getting love and lust all mixed up.
roll me up some dope and i feel like myself again
:(( i feel u that can feel so bad. do you think downloading one of those water apps would help?
they say it gets easier with time, but i feel like it gets worse.
my twitter been on night mode for months i feel like a twitter caveman
i feel bad when people don't get my sense of humor because i'm the funniest person i know
the nugs are good, i feel like wendies nugs are better tho imo.
i feel ya
otherwise i feel like they would've sent mcleod down
woah this is weird. i feel like there's a bit too much "empty space" tho.
i feel like people are sleeping on #keepingscore. imnandi le drama guys
with you voicemail rain sound do what i feel one shot 0 1004 angel coma badman i remember
i feel this on a spiritual level
i feel like this past week, if it hasn't been worth decades, has at least had more than its fair share of happenings.
the news i just got.. i feel like i went 100000000 steps back!
i feel so sick
i feel like i just need to cry. it's long overdue, like i haven't cried all week
i feel like death. like what's it like to not be sick? asking for a friend.
so i made a 100% profit selling two cases of arizona iced tea's today and i feel like such a loser but hey, money is money.
i wandered around in the forest and fell in a creek and i feel better than i have in a while
can finally feel myself losing weight on my face and my body. needless to say, i feel great.
i feel so bad for lauren
if you are still trying to put limitations on music, art people in 2016 i feel sorry for you.
i swear anytime i'm mad or upset i go to the gym and i feel so much better waking out
please tell me why plush blankets are so amazing that every time i see one i feel the need to buy one
i feel so bad for lauren., nobody deserves to have their privacy destroyed like that.
omg how do girls love when their bfs spend like $400 on them??? i feel bad when a dude buys me a water bottle.
i feel like <bleep> omgggg
i feel like dropping some again
everyday i wake up and i'm like <bleep> i look like <bleep> mostly because i feel like <bleep> #life
i feel so bad for lauren like she was obviously not out for a reason
i want to tell you how i feel but i'm scared to lose you, so i'll just hold it in. -rc
i feel so bad for lauren omg
i feel like the grading scale has changed. a 92.41% is a b+. i always thought 91-100 was an a
i feel like "the saucy pythons" aka team williams is a little more appropriate.
i swear today is that day ! i feel so cute but my pics not agreeing
i feel as if all eyes on me and everyone knows my life but me... and i'm stuck in a labyrinth with zero illumination and i walk by vision
i feel so bad for lauren but seriously it's almost 2017 and people still judge people for their <bleep>uality bye
i feel embarrassed and retarded
awww i feel so special! hope i live up to the expectations!
my friends aren't letting me get chinese food anymore i feel limited
this is exactly how i feel
my boss hit me twice today in my arm yo wtf is good i feel like i'm being bullied
hi guys im in the library. why do i feel the need to talk like theres roaring traffic outside.
i feel like <bleep>
if this man is waiting for a date then i feel really bad for him and i hope she's just stuck in traffic
i feel heyward is going to have a much better year as well
i feel your pain, charles. i really do
i feel so bad for lauren :/
dude. i feel. i cried when my daughter was gone for only two.
i'm canadian and feel the same way. so undeserving to such a competent intelligent woman. i feel gutted. pray for america.
i feel your pain
i feel like death, good morning.
idk what to feel anymore haih i don't even know what i'm thinking and how i feel rn
i feel so sick and the last place i want to be right now is at work
omg i feel so sick
i saw <bleep>s on my way home tonight. in new york city. it's 2016. i feel like i need to say that out loud.
that isn't normal yahnoe i shouldn't watch a sermon or listen to a message when i feel like it. it should be a daily routine to do so.
i started doing the hand under the chin thing for *cricket, cricket* moments, i feel your pain
i feel so bad for lauren, she didnt deserve to be outed like this to world. shes a very private person and this must be
i feel uncomfortably free.
me: i feel like i can talk about my feelings and inner turmoil with her masculinity: thats me: no its not masculinit
i feel just as dumb tryna figure out wth they tryna say
now that my hair is long enough to successfully pull back, i feel like a fricken lion with a mane.
for me, i feel like why start with it now when i should have been worried about this the whole time (not just from nov 9)
why do i feel this way!!! i'm almost done!!
that's where i am too. i feel like a ronin politically.
i feel like water solves all problems. wanna lose weight? drink water .. clear face ? drink water.. tired of your <bleep>? drow
oh how i needed that massage, i feel like i've got a new set of legs!
i feel the same way
i feel like a man now
i dont say much but when somethin i feel that needs to be said i will say we will still have freedom of expression even if you disagree
i just go very quiet and in a zone when i feel the pressure then work even harder.
when my nose is blocked i feel so ungrateful.. all those times i could breathe. wow, men are trash.
how is it november 14th already i feel like we're still getting ready for halloween
i ignore you and as i close my eyes, i feel it all slipping away i come toward you we all got left behind, we let it all slip away.
i can't even explain how i feel right now. i seriously need some thinking time away from work.
i feel bad for lauren from 5h, it must <bleep> having your own fans out you
okay today i did something awesome and i feel less panicked- we are only screwed if we stop working
"right now? i want to give up. everything is so dark. i feel.....lost"
bloody hell i feel nauseous all of a sudden
i feel ya
i feel so sorry for aka bethany,you just do amazing story lines #corrie #itvcorrie
have you heard of matt rife because i feel like that's about to be you
i feel closer to my brothers sisters now more than ever. we have each other and we all still have fight left in us.
because the doctor really should be over education i feel like that's just really crazy
as an ink junkie i feel insulted by the wastage of ink happening right now #nairobidiaries
i feel like i'm about to diarrhoea everywhere
i feel the same way about mei
you're just such a <bleep> and i feel so bad for you.
dear god i feel like i can breathe again
like laughing at a car crash you mean? i feel pity more than comic-tragedy tbh
why do i feel like all these "super moon" pictures are photoshopped
i feel you girl
you're got half the emotional rollercoaster to get yet gal, sorry! (but yes i feel u 100%)
i have a skeleton on my backpack names s. kully and they represent how i feel, dead but bustin it open for anybody htt
i feel like i'm on another level of a beauty and the beast fan. like a whole different level.
i feel like you would kick my <bleep> though bc you're a dude hahahah but we can try!
i feel you i be lookin at some of the <bleep> some say and say "no wonder why no one respects us"
holding hands may be corny to you, but i feel privileged he needs to hold mine.
gonna buy some new clothes after work hopefully i feel better about myself
it hurts my pride to tell you how i feel, but i still need to.
+ lots of calls, and were very receptive. it was hard, but i feel much better for having done it.
i feel like i just need to cry. i feel like a <bleep>. i feel so weak. i'm just continuously falling and i'm sorry.
sometimes i feel like reaching into my tv and giving oye a resounding destiny-altering life-changing attitude-correcting
only you can <bleep> up how i feel about you
gwen was a great reporter. judy and her seemed to have a great working relationship and real friendship. i feel so bad.
when lenny rests his head on my leg i feel like i have a purpose in life
i always wonder what i've done to deserve all the pain i feel day by day.
where the <bleep> were you? i'm now trying to get comfy on the couch but i feel like baby is up under my ribs
i'm in a really good place in my life. i'm smiling all the time and i feel myself growing as a person. i'm just praying my
i feel like im becoming lazy now that 1st qtr over, i need to keep the same energy i had first qtr.
in as much as i like this sinache's worship song, i feel uncomfortable singing it becos the grammar dey toss pass! "greatly to be praised"
done!! i feel like a mole coming out of a burrow after hours of ppt presentations. i need sun, a <bleep>tail, protein and a chat buddy. #sfn16
i'm watching jingle all the way 2 and i feel sorry for all the parents who can't get what their kids want it must feel depressing
same, i feel i did not speak up enough, and only spoke up when i'm in "safe spaces"
hm...im kinda torn, bc i feel like using "gay" to refer to a bi/pan person is kind of erasure? (cont'd, i'm pan+nonbinary btw)
i feel like i should own more velvet tracksuits...
her smile while she did it. this is a woman with a daughter too. i feel so sorry for that girl.
slept for 12 hours and i feel gooooood :)
i feel like live tweeting
i'm so stressed i feel like throwing up
i feel good man
i feel like turning 21 on wednesday is a really big deal. so a great present would be to meet right? rig
i like the second one, i feel like everyone has the original
to get over my fears talk to her tell her how i feel about her #thetimeisrightfor
i feel blessed to have met him
i feel as though my grandmother is watching over me , guiding me
sometimes i feel like i met the right person at the wrong time.
i feel like i've been here forever
can someone drop kick me every time i go to spend money i feel like this is the only way to stop me
best fan ever? huhu you're making me cryyy!!! idunno how to explain who i feel! super duper happy!
i feel like i'm about to enter a training montage.
whenever a repo fails to clone i feel like i'm being punished for my .gitignore sins.
omg i feel so sick
i can honestly say i feel 10x happier and calmer now that i've started to dance again. thanks!!
i'm about to have to move back to conserve money help my mom. i feel this.
okayyyyyyy, stomach's burning, and i feel like i'm dying. #deathisnigh
i feel unloved everyday. it's now become the norm for me
yeah, i feel like she would too, i just don't like it lol.
i feel like we don't learn enough about bat birth
does a female suicide bomber also get 72 virgins ? i feel bad for her trying to teach 72 dudes where her <bleep> is
i feel like the writing on this show really goes too far with him being childlike.
if i fwu heavy your more than likely the only mf i fw unless i feel like you tryna play me then that's another story
that's how i feel
i feel like i'm the only person who likes lots of pulp in their orange juice???
me: i feel like <bleep>, maybe i need water me: *buys coffee*
i feel like liking this tweet is bad hm
i feel sorry for all the animals in the show. :( more than for some people. xd
is "no" an emotion because i feel it
"why can't you just tell me how you feel for once?" *tells them how i feel for once* "why do you always make everything abou
'i don't message people first i feel like i'm bothering them' lmao <bleep> off bich
on the plus side, i feel like more people my age and younger are going out of their way to learn about politics which is
when you're near me i feel like i'm standing with an army of men armed with weapons #mtvstarsladygaga
i feel like you should change the avi
i feel like im going to start sobbing over combined stress from school and politics tune in at 9 for my breakdown
my life will be so different a month from now and i really don't know how i feel about it
i officially have 2 out of the 5 essays i have due this month finished i feel like i'm cheating death
i feel like a big piece of poop
i feel like very few people have the same mentality as me
i feel like a part of my soul has loved you since the beginning of everything. maybe we're from the same star.
well, actually... (i feel dirty now)
i feel at this point in life, i'm highly qualified in all things chicken strips.
most of the time i feel like the human equivalent of the end pieces of a loaf of bread
