i love the way i feel after a good <bleep> workout
i feel like you're wasting your time with them. so sad. you should've had it long time ago.
i feel free when i'm out of town
i'll tell my friends to leave a situation if i feel strongly about it i would want them to do the same for me if need be.
i really wonder how this might go, i am entirely drained by merely being awake, i feel you
i'm great! i feel energized and ready
i feel like i'm losing touch with people who used to be my closest friends.. but i guess that's life
my hair looks like , my outfit is oh and i feel like
i feel like if you have a nice body , show it off .
louis loves us and appreciates us and thinks about us i feel so lucky to have him in my life
sometimes i feel bad for never trying to dress nice but then i remember how comfy leggings and sweatshirts are
i always need to read a transcript to understand podcasts which i feel... completely defeats the purpose of listening to a podcast. argh
i feel like now that i saw this that it will happen to me too
i feel like i'm being set up lol
i feel so attacked lol
i'm so tired of exams i feel i've been writing them since i came out of the womb ugghh
i may be pretending on how i feel but thats how i keep my mind positive all this while.
i feel a lot of "well two wrongs don't make it right!" coming...
i feel so betrayed
i feel sick i messed up dude
plus i feel very ashamed that yet again i'm single. nearly 34 and never had a xmas with a bf. that's just <bleep>ing sad.
i woke up without an alarm clock i feel like i have super powers
anything by i_feel_electric i could read atomic cafe a gazillion more times and still get the bingu grins!
how liberals feel about breitbart's steve bannon. is how i feel about the radical advisors obama paraded through the white
i feel like everyone is so irritated today
peaks and valleys. mostly valleys. i feel like mercury been in retrograde the entire year.
cleaned my desk off. i feel so free
finally in a mentality where nobody is able to mess with me, not gunna lie i feel pretty <bleep>ing good
<bleep> i feel like <bleep> rn
i feel great bruh.
my life is just a <bleep>ing mess i feel sorry for myself
i feel so bad for lauren :( i hope shes okay
i feel heavy...in a good way. #taurus #supermoon
today i feel electric gray i hope tomorrow neon black
im lying in my room just <bleep>ing crying i feel like im going to die
i can't even put my own right sock on ahah! i feel like an old man.
i tell people how i feel from the jump, if you don't want to change anything from there then that's your problem, i want say anything else.
i feel so good! advocare rehydrate and spark to push me through after the hike was definitely clutch.
i put beethoven's symphonies on my phone so now i feel like alex delarge minus being a psychopath. basically, i'm just drinking milk.
i feel like they've worn me down...
after that workout i feel good
i feel like the only time i can get drunk is when i come home to visit, and i'm pretty excited for that.
i feel like water solves all problems. wanna lose weight? drink water .. clear face ? drink water.. tired of your <bleep>? drow
does a female suicide bomber also get 72 virgins ? i feel bad for her trying to teach 72 dudes where her <bleep> is
sometimes i feel like abusing kejriwal with the worst possible language, but i don't want to stoop to his level.
i feel this about wrestling on a spiritual level
i feel widely many times than mop of the house! please look cute video of his running wheel!
his voice when he says "oh you" i feel attacked
done with being in the club scene. i feel like i'm growing out of it, or it's just simply boring to me now. it's nothing new
i feel like quitting youtube just because it's been 4years and i only have 287subs.
i feel like i can pull off wearing no foundation but eyebrows i need to fill them <bleep>ers in sadly
now i can work more harder for her, now i can do anything i feel invincible
i wonder if yall gals is be shooting shots....i feel like its just us <bleep>s out here with the ball
i am in a car repair vortex right now. i feel you
people that stand too close when they talk to you perplexe me why the <bleep> can i feel ya breath on my face back up i don't know you <bleep>
i feel so happy tonight.. thank u allah!
i'm so bad at showing people how i feel
i feel like my sense of humour is
i'm out of school for two weeks idk how i feel about it... like what am i suppose to do?
why must i feel like this?
oh my god i feel honored
i feel for ,don't understand why petty people need to bring others down because they have nothing better to do,hate bullies
i feel like a disappointment sometimes
you look like what i feel like when i'm with you
i feel like i'm stuck. i feel i should've just moved on but i can't.
